input,output
Who is Vaani Pathariya?,"Vaani Pathariya is a fourth year student in the CSE branch with a keen interest in Web development. She is a passionate pre-final year computer science student with a profound enthusiasm for technology and innovation. Her expertise encompasses full-stack web development, machine learning, and data structures, with mastery in languages such as Python and C++. She actively contributes to open-source projects, sharing her technical insights and experiences. With a strong foundation in problem-solving, she is excited to continue exploring the ever-evolving world of technology and making a positive impact. 

As a top 30 winner of Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, a finalist in SIH, and a participant in the ICC Next in 2.0 hackathon (qualifying among the top 67 teams worldwide), as well as the 2nd runner-up at Trident Hacks Nationals '23, she has honed her skills in both individual and team settings. Currently serving as a web developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN and a Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador, she is deeply committed to empowering others through technology education. 

Let's connect and explore opportunities to collaborate or discuss our shared passion for technology and innovation!

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaani-pathariya/
GitHub: https://github.com/Vaani-pathariya
"
Who is Shagun Chahar/ Lead /GDG OnCamppus Organizer /GDG Lead / President ?,"Shagun Chahar, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in App development. He is currently an Android Developer intern at Blinkit, where he works on creating efficient and user-friendly mobile applications. His expertise includes Kotlin, Java, Jetpack Compose, and modern Android frameworks. He enjoys solving complex problems, optimizing app performance, and ensuring seamless user experiences.

Outside of my professional interests, he has a deep passion for storytelling, which he explores through movies, anime, and TV shows. Whether it's diving into the intricacies of a compelling narrative or honing my technical skills, he thrives on creativity and innovation.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shagun-chahar
GitHub: https://github.com/shags8
"
Who is Aayush Jain/ML Lead?,"Aayush Jain is a third year student of the CSE (DS) branch with a keen interest in AI/ML. He has immersed himself in Machine Learning and Data Science. He has around 12 months of hands-on experience in Machine Learning and GenAI, working with TensorFlow, Kaggle datasets, and various LLM models for NLP. He recently finished his ML research internship at IIT Guwahati.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aayush-jain-builds
"
Who is Rishita Jayant?,"Rishita Jayant, she/her pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a keen interest in Web development. Aspiring to become a full stack developer, she also enjoys designing as a hobby. She works with the MERN and XAMPP stack, along with other technologies for development, and utilizes FIGMA and Adobe applications for design.

Currently, she holds the position of Design Dev at Urban Riders, while previously gaining experience as a full-stack developer at HSR Hi-tech Solutions and as a web developer at The Redx Technologies. Notably, she secured the first position in Sorted Saturday, a web contest.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishita-jayant/
GitHub: https://github.com/Rish-02
"
Who is Sparsh Rathore/Design Lead? ,"Sparsh Rathore, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in Design. As a digital interface designer, he focuses on implementing user-centered and business-oriented designs. He specializes in UI/UX design and is always ready to collaborate with ambitious and artistic teams. When he's not designing, you can find him taking photographs, filming emotions, narrating stories, writing poetry, discussing art, or appreciating movie dialogues.

He utilizes Figma and Adobe Illustrator for designing UI, conducting User Research, applying Design Thinking, Prototyping, Wireframing, defining User Journeys, and Information Architecture to enhance UX. Additionally, he develops websites using Framer.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sparsh-rathore/
Portfolio: https://sparshh.framer.website/
"
Who is Udbhav Patel?,"Udbhav Patel is a fourth-year student of the ECE branch with a keen interest in Design. He introduces himself as Udbhav from Varanasi, a fourth-year B.Tech student from JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida. Alongside being a Java programmer, he freelances as a designer. He possesses knowledge of SQL, Python (Data Science), and Backend development with Flask. Additionally, he has completed an internship at Systaldyn as a UI/UX Designer.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thisisudbhavv/
GitHub: https://github.com/thisisudbhavv
"
Who is Piyush Gupta?,"Piyush Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in Web development. He describes himself as a versatile Full Stack Web Developer with expertise in both front-end and back-end technologies. An enthusiastic learner, he is experienced in building responsive, user-friendly web applications and skilled in database design, server-side scripting, and version control, with a fervor for coding. He excels at collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver innovative digital solutions.

In terms of technologies, he primarily works with the MERN stack, utilizing React.js for the front end, Node.js and Express.js for the back end, and MongoDB for the database. Additionally, he has experience working with React Native for mobile application development.
In his professional experience, he has spearheaded multiple projects, including dynamic e-commerce platforms and robust content management systems. Notably, he led the development of a real estate platform utilizing the MERN stack and played a key role in enhancing an existing customer relationship management (CRM) system.
Piyush is also an active contributor to several open-source projects, collaborating with developers worldwide to improve code quality and add new functionalities. Notably, he has contributed to the React.js library, focusing on performance optimizations and accessibility enhancements. His contributions reflect his dedication to giving back to the developer community and staying abreast of emerging technologies and best practices.

LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/piyushg07/
GitHub: https://github.com/piug-07
"
Who is Swapnil Singh?,"Swapnil Singh, currently in his third year of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about Web development.  With expertise in Python, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, and cloud platforms like AWS, he thrives in building AI-driven tools and user-centric applications. Professionally, he is currently working as a Gen AI Developer at Fixit AI and an SDE Intern at Mind Frey, where I contributed to creating AI-powered chatbots, scalable infrastructures, and real-time educational platforms, achieving significant improvements in user engagement and system performance. 
His achievements include winning the Kare AI Hackathon by developing a GenAI healthcare solution and helping over 10,000 people book vaccine slots using an automated notification system. His work reflects my commitment to leveraging technology to solve real-world problems efficiently and creatively.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hereisSwapnil
GitHub: https://github.com/hereisswapnil
"
Who is Harsh Sharma ?,"Harsh Sharma, currently in his third year of the CSE branch, is passionate about Web development. He introduces himself as Harsh with a smiling face emoji, indicating his cheerful demeanor. You'll often find him busy brainstorming ideas for new projects, particularly focusing on technologies like AI and niche technologies that are lesser-known.

His achievements include securing a position in GDG OnCampus and building noteworthy projects that showcase his skills and creativity:

1. UserPilot
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/UserPilot
   Live: https://user-pilot.vercel.app/

2. BidRush
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/BidRush
   Live: https://bid-rush-market.vercel.app/

3. Reservify
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/Reservify
   Live: https://reservify.vercel.app/

4. Capstone
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/Capstone
   Live: https://capstone-kappa-ten.vercel.app/

LinkedIn: ttps://www.linkedin.com/in/harshsharma0801
GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/
"
Who is Aryan Kushwaha?,"Aryan Kushwaha, a third year student of the CSE (AI/ML) branch, expresses his greetings as 'funinkina'. Although he started as a UX/UI designer in his professional journey, he is now in machine learning field. He primarily uses python, and to make things work, knowledge of backend also comes handy. His working experience includes a summer research intern in NIT Jalandhar, and then as a Gen AI intern at weya AI.
Other than that, he loves open source, he actively uses linux daily and tries to give back to community as much as he can.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/funinkina
GitHub: https://github.com/funinkina
"
Who is Prakhar Sharma?,"Prakhar Sharma, an alumni of the CSE branch, is deeply passionate about programming. He describes himself as a dedicated individual with a strong background in software development and a keen interest in problem-solving. His primary expertise lies in languages such as C++ and C, with a foundational understanding of JavaScript. Throughout his professional journey, he has gained hands-on experience with various frameworks and tools including GIT, GitHub, Sublime Text, VS Code, MySQL, MongoDB, NodeJS, and PyCharm.

During his internship at Valy Innovation Pvt Ltd, Prakhar honed his skills as a Full Stack Developer, learning essential technologies such as JavaScript, PHP, MVC frameworks, Git, and Composer. He contributed to the development of models for an E-commerce website, handling functionalities like user authentication, cart management, and order processing.

In terms of projects, he has worked on diverse applications such as ""Incode"" and an ""Online Code Compiler"", demonstrating his proficiency in technologies like NodeJS, ReactJS, and MongoDB. Additionally, he developed a ""Salary Invoice Generator"" that automated the process of generating invoices from Excel sheet data using NodeJS and various libraries.

In recognition of his skills and contributions, Prakhar has achieved notable accolades such as winning the Smart India Hackathon at the national level, securing impressive rankings in ICPC regionals, and attaining high ratings on coding platforms like Codechef, Codeforces, and LeetCode.

Outside of his professional endeavors, Prakhar was actively involved in extracurricular activities such as having served as the Programming Lead and Managerial Head at the Google Developer Student Club, where he organizes technical workshops and events for hundreds of students. Additionally, he has a passion for sports and has actively participated in basketball events.

Overall, Prakhar's diverse skill set, professional experiences, and achievements reflect his commitment to continuous learning and excellence in the field of software development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sprakhar07/
GitHub: https://github.com/sprakhar11
"
Who is Anubhav Pal?,"Anubhav Pal, a fourth year student of the CSE branch, is deeply interested in Design. He describes himself as a motivated and skilled Full Stack Web Developer with a strong understanding of UI/UX. Proficient in the MERN stack and Data Structures and Algorithms, Anubhav combines technical expertise with a keen eye for aesthetics.

Throughout his academic journey, Anubhav has worked on various internships and freelance projects, honing his skills and gaining practical experience. His notable achievements include being a SIH 2023 Finalist, a TOP30 winner in Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, and the national Runner-up in Trident Hacks 2023.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anubhavpal
GitHub:https://github.com/Anubhav-Pal
"
Who is Bhavya Mittal?,"Bhavya Mittal, he/him pronouns, is a dynamic and accomplished fourth year student of the CSE branch at AKTU, currently pursuing his B.Tech at JSS Academy of Technical Education. Anticipating graduation in 2025 with a commendable CGPA of 8.46, his academic journey has provided him with a solid foundation in various domains, including Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Database Management System, and Web Technologies.
Bhavya's passion for solving complex problems is evident through his impressive rank in the International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) 2023, securing the 37th position in the ICPC Kanpur Regional. Beyond competitive programming, he has established himself as a skilled front-end developer, blending creativity with technical expertise to craft visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces.
His commitment to excellence is reflected in his active involvement in projects and competitions, such as participating in the Smart India Hackathon (SIH). Bhavya has contributed to impactful projects like the DHANVANTRI APP, where he implemented machine learning algorithms for plant recognition and Ayurvedic information.
As a competitive programmer, he is an active participant on platforms like CodeChef, Codeforces, and LeetCode, consistently showcasing his problem-solving prowess. Furthermore, he has conducted technical workshops and seminars, impacting over 500 students, highlighting his commitment to knowledge dissemination and mentorship.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mittalbhavya1729/
GitHub: https://github.com/MITTALBHAVYA
"
Who is Ojas Mishra?,"Ojas Mishra, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the ECE branch with a keen interest in Web development. As a web developer at GDG OnCampus, he specializes in front-end development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React. 
Beyond his technical skills, Ojas believes in exploring a diverse range of interests to stand out uniquely. He has ventured into designing, AI art, AI development, and startup initiatives. In his first year, he attempted to build a startup and intends to continue similar pursuits in his third year. 
Ojas is also an avid reader, constantly seeking knowledge from various fields. With a vision to become an entrepreneur, he is driven by his ambition and curiosity.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ojas-mishra-768982260
GitHub: https://github.com/Ojasssm
"
Who is Deepanshu Pandey/Core Team Coordinator (CTC)?,"Deepanshu Pandey, a fourth year student of the CSE (AI/ML) branch and the Core Team Coordinator (CTC) of GDG OnCampus. He specializes in Flutter development, Python backend development, and FastAPI. His projects include STYLEsnap (integrating Google Gemini), a Finance Tracking App (Firebase-based), an NFC-based Attendance Management System, and the HotelFood Management System (FoodConnect), promoting sustainability in hospitality.
He actively contributes to open-source and developer communities. His achievements include a LeetCode ranking of 1849, leading impactful projects, and building tools like a Dependency Health Checker. He is passionate about solving real-world problems through innovative tech solutions.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepanshu-pandey-a16155233/
GitHub: https://github.com/simplybest12
"
Who is Om Gupta?,"Om Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a profound interest in Programming. He describes himself as an undergraduate student passionate about solving real-life problems and fascinated by learning more about Data Structures, Algorithms, and Web development. Om is enthusiastic about learning new concepts that pique his interest.
Competitive programming has been instrumental in refining Om's problem-solving skills, providing him with a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms. Regular participation in contests on platforms like CodeChef, Codeforces, and LeetCode has strengthened his coding proficiency, analytical thinking, and logical reasoning abilities.
In the realm of full-stack development, Om possesses expertise in a broad spectrum of technologies. On the front-end, he is proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, along with advanced frameworks such as React.js. His back-end skills include Node.js and Express.js, complemented by database management expertise in both SQL and NoSQL databases, ensuring data accessibility and security.
Om's achievements include achieving a 4-star rating on CodeChef and qualifying for the ICPC regionals, where he secured a rank of 37 out of 97 teams in the ICPC regionals Kanpur. These milestones underscore his dedication, skill, and proficiency in competitive programming, reflecting his deep understanding of computer science fundamentals and his ability to apply such knowledge under competitive and time-constrained environments.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/om-gupta-1219b2223/
GitHub: https://github.com/Omgupta8
"
Who is Abhishek Sharma?,"Abhishek Sharma, a fourth year student of the IT branch, is passionate about programming. He prefers to be called Abhi. Currently in his third year sixth semester as of February 2024, Abhi studies at JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida, pursuing B.Tech with Information Technology as his major.
Abhishek joined GDG OnCampus JSSATEN Noida as a programmer in April 2022. Initially focusing on programming, he later expanded his skills to Android development using Kotlin and Java. He also has a good knowledge of Flutter and has completed projects using this framework. Abhi has actively participated in hackathons such as Smart India Hackathon 2023 and Inohack, reaching the final stages in some competitions.
In addition to hackathons, Abhishek regularly solves programming questions on platforms like LeetCode, CodeChef, HackerRank, and GeeksforGeeks.
Currently, Abhishek is working on a Flatmate Finder app, which aims to help students of his college find other people looking for flatmates or accommodation. The app is expected to be available in 2024.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-sharma-2a3764252/
GitHub: https://github.com/AbhiSharma096
"
Who is Vedant Goyal?,"Vedant Goyal, a third year student of the CSE branch, is passionate about programming and technology. He is an active member of the GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, where he focuses on Android development. Vedant has hands-on experience with tools such as Android Studio for Android app development.
In addition to Android development, Vedant enjoys programming in the C++ language. He is dedicated to expanding his skills and knowledge in the field of technology and development.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-goyal-985a74212/
GitHub: https://github.com/thevedantgoyal
"
Who is Shiven Upadhyay?,"Shiven Upadhyay, a fourth year student of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about web development. He describes himself as a full-stack application developer specializing in the MERN stack, with additional experience in Flutter.
Shiven has been working as a freelancer since July and has successfully completed several projects. He also completed an internship at AmazedIt Bangalore, where he gained valuable experience in the field. Shiven's achievements include reaching Flipkart Grid Round 2 and winning multiple MLH hackathons.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nevish302
GitHub: https://github.com/Nevish-302
"
Who is Ramit Vishwakarma/Present Web Lead?,"Ramit Vishwakarma, a third year student of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about web development. He describes himself as a full-stack web developer with proficiency in technologies such as React, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, MongoDB, Prisma, and Express. Ramit is currently learning TypeScript and Next.js to further enhance his skills.

Having worked on several full-stack projects, including the GDG OnCampus Rec Platform 2024, Ramit has demonstrated his ability to develop robust web applications. Additionally, he actively participates in competitive programming in Java and has achieved a 2-star rating on CodeChef.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramitvishwakarma
GitHub: https://github.com/RamitVishwakarma
"
Who is Ashish Kushwaha?,"Ashish Kushwaha, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in AI/ML. Currently working as a GenAI Engineer at WeyaAI. In addition to Python, Ashish is proficient in PostgreSQL, Redis, and Celery, utilizing these technologies to build scalable and reliable web applications. Alongside his professional role, Ashish is pursuing a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science at JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida, where he is dedicated to learning new technologies and solving real-world problems.
Ashish has earned multiple certifications, including AWS Educate Introduction to Cloud 101, Problem Solving (Basic) by HackerRank, and Kick Start 2022 by Google, to further enhance his skills and knowledge. He has also previously served as the ML Lead at Google Developer Student Clubs JSSATEN, where he mentored and guideed fellow students in learning and applying machine learning concepts and tools.
Furthermore, Ashish actively participates in competitive programming contests such as ICPC, CodeChef, and Codeforces, achieving a 3-star rating at CodeChef and a Pupil rating at Codeforces. He thrives on taking on new challenges and collaborating with others to create impactful solutions. His LinkedIn is: https://linkedin.com/in/ashishkingdom and his GitHub is: https://github.com/AshishKingdom/
"
Who is Kanak Goel/Android Lead?,"Kanak Goel, she/her pronouns, is a third year student of the IT branch with a keen interest in app development. As an Android developer and competitive programmer, Kanak is dedicated to designing, implementing, and testing high-performance mobile applications.
Proficient in Java, Kanak is actively expanding her skill set to include Kotlin and Jetpack Compose to stay updated with the latest technologies in Android development. She is enthusiastic about engaging with the tech community through conferences, meetups, and online forums.
Looking ahead, Kanak is excited about contributing to cutting-edge projects, leveraging emerging technologies, and continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the world of Android development and competitive programming.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kanakgoel03
GitHub: https://github.com/phoenix-kanak
"
Who is Ayush Agrawal?,"Ayush Agrawal, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the CSE branch with a strong interest in app development. As an App Developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, Ayush is passionate about creating robust and user-friendly applications. He is also a competitive programmer, dedicated to solving real-world problems using programming.
Proficient in programming languages like Java, Python, and Kotlin, Ayush is currently expanding his technical skills by including Jetpack Compose and other trending technologies in Android development. He actively engages with the tech community by attending conferences, meetups, and participating in online forums.
Looking ahead, Ayush is excited about contributing to cutting-edge projects, leveraging emerging technologies, and continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the world of Android development and competitive programming.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/its-ayushh-here
GitHub:https://github.com/Agrawal-Ayush-009
"
Who is Vrishhti Goel?,"Vrishhti Goel, she/her pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in design. Passionate about combining precision and technology to solve real-life problems, Vrishhti describes herself as a designer and DSA enthusiast.

LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/vrishhti-goel-58aa1b218
GitHub: https://github.com/Vrishhti
"
Who is Shubhransh Bhaskar?,"Shubhransh Bhaskar, he/him pronouns, is an ex-student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in design. Currently working at Newton School, Shubhransh is dedicated to creating end-to-end experiences and features in a fast-paced environment.
At Preplaced, Shubhransh focuses on working on their Design System and has contributed to launching multiple features across Mentor and Mentee Dashboards, resulting in significant improvements in metrics. With a background as a Product Design Intern at NoCap Meta Bangalore, Collab BLR, and TNC360 Hyderabad, Shubhransh also undertakes freelance projects, including collaborations with renowned designers like Shantanu Kumar (skh.design).
One of Shubhransh's passion projects is the fold.money Design System along with its web interface, which he actively shares through video walkthroughs on his YouTube channel. His design toolkit includes proficiency in Product & Interface Design, Personal & Professional Branding, Design Systems, User Experience & Research, and he is skilled in industry-standard software such as Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, and Framer.
Beyond design, Shubhransh has achieved success in various domains, including being a YouTuber with an active subscriber count of more than 5,000 and over 4 million views. He also dominated the Indian eCommerce market from 2016-2019, achieved monthly gross sales of INR 20 Lakh, won the Smart India Hackathon in 2022, and became the GDSC Lead at his institution in 2023.
For more information about Shubhransh or the projects he has worked on, visit his portfolio website: https://popular-everyone-871797.framer.app/

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iamshubhransh/
GitHub: https://github.com/iamshubhransh
"
Who is Yash Tiwari?,"Yash Tiwari, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in web development. Initially starting as a Web Dev, Yash had also held the role of Media Lead while maintaining his dedication to growth and development, embodying the ethos of ""Developing to Develop.""
Renowned for his commitment to learning and assisting others, Yash is known for his readiness to learn new things and forge new connections. He has a track record of success, having won a Hackathon at IIIT Delhi.
Yash has also organized over 10 workshops and talk sessions, where he served as the host and speaker, delving deep into various topics and complexities. Additionally, he has a keen interest in dramatics, having won the 1st prize in the twisted film/spoof category at the AIIMS Delhi fest known as PULSE. He has also achieved accolades in competitions such as winning the 3rd place in the Nukkad competition at AIIMS Delhi and the 2nd place in Street play (Nukkad) at DME college Noida.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasharrived
GitHub: https://github.com/yashArrived
"
Who is Yashvardhan Singh?,"Yashvardhan SIngh, he/him pronounds, is a third year student of the IT branch. He joined GDG OnCampus through App dev domain in second year. He likes to create mobile applications that aim to make someone's life easier. He isnexperienced in flutter framework as well as java for software development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vardhan-ysh/
Github: https://github.com/Vardhan-ysh/"
Who is Abhinav Gupta?,"Abhinav Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CSE-AIML branch at JSSATEN. He is 21 years old and from Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. He is a competitive programmer and backend developer aspiring to solve real world problems using my knowledge about DSA and tech stacks to tackle the challenging concepts of backend development and build something useful and hassle-free for the people of my community.  
He loves watching lawn tennis and my hobbies are playing table tennis and video games.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhinav-gupta-3580a72aa/
Github: https://github.com/AbhinavG786"
Who is Avinash Kumar Ankur?,"Avinash Kumar Ankur, he/him pronouns, is pursuing B.Tech in CSE with specialisation in AI amd ML from JSSATE, Noida. He is in his second year of the course. He was born in Ghazipur but later moved to Varanasi. He is a front-end Web Developer making web applications using frames such as React.js and Next.js and currently learning backend in Express.js. He has done some freelancing and projects in the past. Web Development Projects:
1. Portfolio for a client, and several personal websites (e.g., Nibble Phi, Monoma Gamma, personal portfolio).
2. Focus on performance, SEO optimization, and clean design (Next.js and Tailwind CSS).
3. Recent work on a recruitment website for GDG on Campus society at JSSATEN.
He also participated in NASA Space Apps Challenge Ghaziabad 2024 and won second runner up.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/avinashankur/
Github: https://github.com/avinashankur/"
Who is Adya Singh?,"Adya Singh, she/her pronouns, is a second year student pursuing B.Tech from Information Technology branch. She is in her second semester. She joined GDG OnCampus as an Android Developer. She loves doing her work with perseverance and always tries to assign herself particular tasks for the day. 
Currently she is honing her skills in Android Developments and using Kotlin and XML language. She does not have professional experiences yet but working within GDG OnCampus is allowing her to experience this great world of technology. She is working on her skills so she can land an internship.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/adya-singh-/
Github: https://github.com/Adya-04/"
Who is Abhay Shukla?,"Abhay Shukla, he/him pronouns, is a second year student pursuing B.Tech in CSE with specialisation in AI and ML at JSSATE, Noida. He was born in Kanpur. He is a huge Tech and ML enthusiast. He has experience with Python programming language and NumPy, Pandas, Tensorflow and similar Data science and ML libraries. He recently completed his internship at Dobr.AI focusing on AI agents and Backend development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhay-shukla-/
Github: https://github.com/into-the-night/"
Who is Divyanshi Sharma?,"Divyanshi Sharma, she/her pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch at JSSATEN. She is a budding web developer enthusiastic about learning and enhancing her skills. She has tried her hands on HTML, CSS, JavaScripts and some CSS frameworks like TailwindCSS, Bootstrap for frontend and also has delved into Java. She is eager to expand her knowledge further, particularly in frontend frameworks like React and Angular. As a beginner, she is focused on hands-on projects to develop her understanding of web development concepts. She has completed several small scale projects, including personal websites, clone projects and basic web applications to practice her skills.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyanshi-sharma-1977a3302/
Github: https://github.com/Missdivyaa/"
Who is Shreya Sharma?,"Shreya Sharma, she/her pronouns, is a third year student in CSE branch. She joined GDG OnCampus through ML domain. She values efficiency and enjoys exploring new ideas and perspectives. She has diverse interests and is always eager to learn something new. She is currently studying Machine Learning. She has created projects on Regression and NLP. She also likes reading novels and writing articles as a hobby.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreya-sharma-75560224a/
Github: https://github.com/Shreya200326/"
Who is Shishir Kumar?,"Shishir Kumar, he/him pronouns, is a second year student pursuing CSE with specialisation in Data Science. He is a web developer with over one year experience building scalable websites and user interface. He is specialized in MERN stack, but also inclined towards blockchain and AI technology. His work experience includes contribution as an intern to companies twice, and building a bootstrapped startup, where I created the MVP from scratch. 
I love participating in hackathons where I get to showcase my expertise on a particular subject - got few hackathon wins under my belt.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com//in/krshishir/
Github: https://github.com/krshishir1/"
Who is Ayushi Shahi?,"Ayushi Shahi, she/her pronouns, is enrolled in JSS Noida in BTech CSE branch. She has completed her education from KV no.1 air force station Gorakhpur in 2022 and taken a drop of one year for SSB interview through NDA. Her first SSB was in 2 AFSB Mysore and second SSB was in 3 AFSB Gandhinagar and she was conference out both times.
Currently, she is working in Java learning DSA concepts. She was selected as Amazon future engineer scholar 2024 which is an initiative by Amazon for girls and boys across India which provide mentorship and bootcamps for industrial demand. She was recruited in GDG OnCampus in Programming domain. She has played Kabaddi at district level, athletics at school and zonal level and Kho-Kho at zonals level.

GitHub: https://github.com/ayushi-shahi/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayushi-shahi-2907b0297/"
Who is Tanu Agarwal?,"Tanu Agarwal, she/her pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch. She is a web developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. She finds joy in exploring new things, be it technical or anything literature. Currently she is working with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanu-agarwal0101/
Github: https://www.github.com/tanu-agarwal0101/"
Who is Sukhmeet Singh Lamba?,"Sukhmeet Singh, he/him pronounds, is a third year undergraduate student pursuing Computer Science Engineering. He recently secured a position in the design domain of GDG OnCampus, reflecting his passion for creativity and innovation. Outside of academics, Sukhmeet is an avid anime enthusiast and finds solace in delving into philosophical readings. However, his primary focus lies in honing his skills in motion graphics and video editing, which have become his go-to tasks.
With aspirations to become an entrepreneur, Sukhmeet is determined to identify and solve problems to instigate positive changes in his surroundings. Sukhmeet predominantly utilizes editing software such as DaVinci Resolve, alongside tools like Adobe Express, Firefly, and AI, to expedite his tasks.
Sukhmeet's achievements extend beyond academia, encompassing accolades in debating and public speaking. His leadership role as the head of his school house and active participation in Model United Nations conferences attest to his excellent communication skills.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sukhh/
Github: https://github.com/sukh285/"
Who is Shobhit Keshari?,"Shobhi Keshari, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CS DS branch at JSSATE, Noida. He is originally from Prayagraj. He completed his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya IFFCO Phulupr. His interests are quite diverse. He enjoyes photo editing and designing and is also passionate about sports and exploring new places while meeting new people. He has been learning UI/US design aiming to create easy-to-use and visually appealing interfaces. He is eager to kickstart his career and put his skills to good use.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shobhit-keshari-79ba88294/
Github: https://github.com/shobhitkeshari98/"
Who is Ankur Dwivedi?,"Ankur Dwivedi, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch at JSSATE, Noida. He joined GDG OnCampus in first year in Desgin Domain. His recent work includes collaborating with 100xlabs, a Cyber Security company to work on some AI bots, address drop-off issues during new user onboarding and revamp the landing page. He has also worked on the NagarSetu Dashboard to resolve collaboration issues for urban development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankur-dwivedi02/
Portfolio: https://bit.ly/ankur_design
"
Who is Yuvraj Singh Yadav?, "Yuvraj Singh Yadav, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student in IT branch at JSSATE, Noida. He is part of the Android Club at GDG OnCampus. He has a strong hands-on experience in programming and application development, with a perpetual readiness to learn and explore new opportunities. He is currently working as an SDE Intern at Blinkit. Also, his particular interest lies in working with Micro-controllers (Arduino, Nodemcu), and he thoroughly enjoys deep diving, experimenting, and exploring in the field of Robotics.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yuvraj-singh-yadav-aa9488140/
Github: https://github.com/yyuvraj54
"
Can we get early placement offer from Google through GDG OnCampus?,"Absolutely! Being a member of GDG OnCampus doesn't guarantee an early placement offer from Google, but it can certainly be a stepping stone. The key lies in leveraging the opportunities and resources GDG OnCampus provides to enhance your skills and knowledge.
                                                                                                                                                                                       GDG OnCampus offers a platform to develop technical and soft skills, work on real-world projects, and connect with like minded people. If you consistently work hard on improving your skills, understanding Google's expectations, and staying updated with industry trends, you increase your chances of getting noticed by Google or other top companies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       It's about using GDG OnCampus as a means to build a strong foundation, gain valuable experience, and make connections within the tech community. Early placement offers often come to those who not only excel in their technical abilities but also demonstrate a passion for learning and contributing to the community. So, while GDG OnCampus itself may not guarantee an offer, the skills and experiences gained through active participation can significantly enhance your prospects."
Will AI replace our jobs ?,"AI is certainly transforming the job market, but whether it comletely replaces jobs is a nuanced and ongoing debate. While AI has the potential to automate certain tasks, it also creates new opportunities and job roles. Jobs that involve creativity, critical thinking, emotional intelligence, and complex problem-solving are less likely to be fully automated.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Instead of replacing jobs, AI often complements human work by handling routine and repetitive tasks, allowing humans to focus on more strategic, creative, and interpersonal aspects of their work. The key is adaptation—acquiring skills that complement AI and staying agile in a rapidly changing job landscape.
                                                                                                                                                                                     So, while AI may reshape industries and job roles, it's more about evolution and adaptation than outright replacement. The future of work will likely involve a collaboration between humans and AI to achieve more efficient and innovative outcomes."
Any free paltform to start full stack web development?,YouTube is a great free platform to start learning full-stack web development.
Can beginners be a part of this club ?,"Absolutely! GDG OnCampus often welcome beginners with open arms. These clubs are designed to foster a learning environment for students at all levels, from beginners to advanced. Being a part of GDG OnCampus can be a fantastic opportunity for beginners to dive into the world of technology, gain hands-on experience, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Many GDG OnCampus chapters organize workshops, events, and projects that cater to different skill levels, ensuring that beginners have the chance to learn and grow. It's a supportive community where you can ask questions, seek guidance, and collaborate with others on exciting projects.
                                                                                                                                                                                       So, if you're a beginner with a passion for technology, don't hesitate to explore and join a GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to kickstart your journey in the tech world!
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How can I participate in GDG OnCampus events?,"Even if you're not a member of GDG OnCampus, you're welcome to attend its workshops. The key is to stay actively engaged with the information shared on GDG OnCampus JSSATEN's Instagram handle. This platform serves as a hub for all event-related details, including workshops. By being active on Instagram and following GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, you can access information about upcoming events and workshops, allowing you to participate and benefit from the valuable learning experiences offered by GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to stay connected with the community and make the most of the opportunities provided by GDG OnCampus, even if you're not a formal member."
How to get in web domain in GDG OnCampus?,"To get into the web domain in GDG OnCampus, start by choosing your focus—frontend, backend, or full stack. For frontend, grasp the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, then delve into a framework like React.js. If backend is your vibe, dive into APIs, Node.js, and a database of your choice. Full stack? Well, that's your all-access pass, so make sure you know the ins and outs of both frontend and backend technologies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Criteria to get into Design Club.,"In GDG OnCampus, we hire purely based on talent and skills. So if you think you have that creative mind that makes good designs and can design user friendly interfaces and system, you will have no problems getting into our design club. Just make sure you have something to showcase your skills such as portfolios or some past projects."
How to participate in Hackathon and attend tech meetups and will this increase my chance in recruitments?,"Want to get into hackathons and tech meetups? Easy—just be active in the community and keep your eyes peeled for opportunities. Engage online, follow tech groups, and jump on any chance that pops up. It's not just about showing up; it's about being on the lookout for those doors that could open up awesome opportunities in recruitment."
Is UI design an emerging field?,"Technology is an constantly emerging field, every device, every interface gets updates every year and we are constantly trying to improve human-machine interfaces. There is an ever-growing list of websites and apps that require UI design to improve user experience. In addition to that, we are in an era where AR/VR are emerging and those will require unique solutions to UI design as well. So in a nutshell, yes UI design is an emerging field and is certainly not going anywhere in the near future."
I literally like to create my own different logic of some basic or average programs but I often fail to make people understand that logic inspite of being correct. What should I do?,"If you're struggling to make people understand your logic in programming, try breaking it down into smaller steps, use clear comments and variable names, and consider providing examples or illustrations. Seeking feedback from others and practicing empathy by considering their perspective can also help. Remember, effective communication is a skill that improves with practice, so keep refining your approach and finding ways to make your logic more accessible to others."
How to create resume and portfolio?,"Creating an effective resume and portfolio is crucial for showcasing your skills and experiences. Include your LinkedIn profile , a separate section showcasing your key projects having detailed information about your projects with screenshots, descriptions, and links to the GitHub repositories. Provide a brief introduction about yourself, your interests, your educational background , and what motivates you. Highlight leadership roles, involvement in clubs or societies, and any relevant extracurricular activities."
Can we apply for more than one domain?,"GDG OnCampus consists of five clubs - Programming, Web, Android, Design and Machine Learning. At the time of recruitments, you need to choose one among these clubs for applying but once you get recruited, you will get chance to broaden your experience and explore multiple domain without any restrictions along with guidance of your seniors.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How many rounds are there in recruitments?,"There are commonly three to four rounds in the entire process of recruitments. Firstly , you need to clear the aptitude round which is often the initial screening round, designed to assess a your basic skills, problem-solving ability, and domain-specific knowledge. Candidates who clear the aptitude round will be given a practical task or contest related to their specific domain or role. Successful candidates from the task assignment phase proceed to the technical interview round where you need to show your skills as well as portfolio. The HR round is the final step in the recruitment process which covers the candidate's background, career goals, work style, and their ability to work within a team."
Can day scholars also join GDG OnCampus?,"Yes, day scholars can also join GDG OnCampus. It's not restricted to students living on campus only . Day scholars, who live off-campus, are also welcome to join GDG OnCampus activities and events. The primary focus of GDG OnCampus is to foster a community of students passionate about technology and to provide them with opportunities to enhance their skills, collaborate on projects, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What should I do first DSA or Web Dev ?,"There is no hard and fast rule to start with DSA or Web Dev . Instead , DSA and development should run parallel to each other in your learning journey. Allocate time to study both DSA and web development concurrently. Since DSA involves core concepts and helps in refining logic building skills , Integrate DSA concepts into your web development projects to solve real-world problems efficiently. Apply algorithmic thinking to optimize code and improve performance."
How to get an edge over others?,"Starting from this very moment is the key to get an edge over others . The earlier you start than others, the better you become in your domain. Try improving your grasp on the fundamentals concepts related to your domain of interest , build projects , improve your portfolio . Also , stay updated with the latest trends and developments in your field and engage in ongoing education through courses, workshops, and tutorials."
When will recruitments begin?,"The specific timing and details of recruitments can vary, and it's essential to stay updated by checking official announcements from the society. Keep an eye on communication channels such as social media platforms , emails, etc where such information will be typically shared. Though it would be taken care that recruitments won’t clash with your exams. This way, you can focus on your exams without added stress, and it allows for a smoother transition into the recruitment phase once academic commitments are less demanding. The usual recruitements are usually done before or during even semesters"
How to prepare for recruitments?,"Firstly , choose the domain in which you want to apply. GDG OnCampus offers these domains - Programming , Android , Web , Design and ML . For Programming , brush up on DSA concepts, as technical interviews often involve problem-solving and algorithmic thinking. Practice solving DSA problems regularly. For mobile app development, focus on platforms like Android or iOS. Familiarize yourself with app development frameworks (e.g., Flutter) . If you're interested in web development roles, solidify your understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Explore popular frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue.js.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Showcase your practical skills through projects. Build a portfolio highlighting your projects, contributions, and any relevant experiences. Ensure that your GitHub repository is well-organized and includes a variety of projects."
Best resources to start programming and crack good placements?,"If you are a beginner in programming , then pick a programming language like C++ or Java. Delve into comprehensive video tutorials provided by esteemed educators; for C++, consider Love Babbar's instructive playlist, while for Java, turn to College Wallah for fundamentals and Kunal Kushwaha for a deeper grasp of concepts. Also , make sure that once you are done with each topic , practice questions on coding platforms like HackerRank , CodeChef , CodeForces and participating in coding contests will further refine your skills. With persistence and dedication, you will gradually attain mastery over these fundamental programming concepts.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to manage time and coding with college at the same time?,"Focus primarily on coding and expanding your tech skills by prioritizing tasks based on immediate needs. While college studies are crucial for good grades, allocate time for them closer to exams. It's normal to take a break from coding during exams, so don't stress about it. However, resume coding promptly once exams are over. Clarity comes from balancing priorities without unnecessary pressure. When tackling college assignments, prioritize subjects requiring your direct involvement. For the remaining assignments, leverage the support of your peers. Collaborating with classmates can not only lighten your workload but allows you to efficiently manage your time."
When is workshops going to happen?,"We host workshops throughout the year on various topics and domains. Make sure to follow our social media handles to be notified about any upcoming workshops. https://instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to start Web Dev and some resources to crack future placements?,"There are plenty of free courses on YouTube which are very thorough and well explained. To get started, you can watch Fireship's 100 second videos on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
                                                                                                                                                                                       This will give you a decent beginner's guide on how to start your journey and start building your own websites. Slowly and gradually, you can start working with libraries and frameworks such as react. In Web Development, there are also a few subdomains as frontend, backend or if you want to do both, you can go into frontend. To really master web development, you should have a portfolio to showcase your skills. The key to get future placements and do well in your career is to never stop learning. Keep yourself up to date on new and emerging technologies and never stop learning."
What is the overall process of getting into GDG OnCampus?,"The one and only official process of getting into GDG OnCampus is via the recruitments that happen only once every year. There are a mainly four steps in the recruitment drive. Firstly, you have to register yourself on our recruitment platform by creating and account and filling all the necessary details. You also have to choose your preferred domain here from Programming, Web Club, Android, Design or Machine Learning. To filter out the best talents, we have two rounds, Quiz round and Project submissions. Quiz round tests your theoretical knowledge in the domain you chose. The Project submission tests your practical knowledge and determines if you can put your theoretical knowledge to use or not by giving you a small task and you have to finish it in the given timeframe. If your submitted project qualifies our requirements, you are invited for an interview round to assess you aptitude. If you ace all three of these rounds, you will become an integral part of GDG OnCampus.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"How to start programming, till what topics to cover, which language to choose and best resources as an immediate beginner.","Programming is not just about writing code, but also the ability to solve problems in most efficient manner. You can start learning programming using any language of your choice. A popular option for beginner is “Python”, it’s syntax resembles human language and is very easy to get started with. Or, if you have some experience with programming, you can go with C/C++. Talking about what topics to cover, you should know fundamentals of any programming language of your choice and should be able to implement basic algorithms using that language. The internet is full of resources to learn practically anything. Some great resources for beginners include freecodecamp.org , w3schools.com , youtube.com . You can search for the language of your choice on these platforms. And the best part, its all free!"
Is there any entry fees or some periodical monetary requirement for joining GDG OnCampus?,"Nope, GDG OnCampus only recruits on the basis of talent and skills. Students from all kinds of background are welcome here and everyone is treated equally among their peers. We do not ask for any kind of money for recruitments and stay away from people who claim to get you into GDG OnCampus by taking some money."
How to start learning design (basically the roadmap),"There is no hardcoded path to learn design, there are various subdomains in design itself to get started. You can start with basics of any design product of your choice based on the skillset you want to have in the future. Whether you want to be an UI/UX designer, a VFX artist or a digital artist, you can start by learning a particular software used in that field. For example, if you want to get started with digital art, you can start by learning Photoshop or GIMP. Start with basic YouTube tutorials and by creating whatever flows into your mind. The goal is to just keep on creating stuff and you will start to be getting good at it. There is no hard and fast rule when it comes to creativity and design. All that matters is designs are visually appealing and user friendly.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"If I start DSA now , will it benefit me in future?","Yes, learning and solving DSA regularly improves your problems solving skills and inherently makes you a better programmer. Even if the field you currently are in doesn’t require any DSA. It will be beneficial for you in the future in whatever field you are in. It will help you in solving a wide range of problems that you might encounter in your career and also will give you an edge above other candidates.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What can we do to develop our personality and thinking skills in programming.,"To develop your personality and thinking skills in programming, you have to keep doing and solving problems regularly. The more code you write, the more problems you solve, the better programmer you become. You will learn everything by practicing regularly. And remember, at the end of the day, all that matters is how much you have learnt compared to yourself in the past. It doesn’t matter if your code is bad or not efficient in the beginning, it’s all the part of learning process. Don’t be afraid of failures, just keep practicing and learning."
What kind of project we have to make during recruitments and how can we make them?,"The projects given during the recruitments are simple and given seeing the skill level for freshers. For example, if you are applying for Web Club, you need to have basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JS. So your project might be to create a static webpage using the technologies you are comfortable with. But do keep one thing in mind, anyone caught using generative AI to create their projects will be rejected from further recruitments rounds."
Do I need to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus?,"While it’s not an absolute necessity to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus, you should have some knowledge about the languages/technologies used in the domain you are applying to. For Web Dev, you need to know basics of HTML, CSS, JS. Or for machine learning, you need to know python and experience with some libraries. Whereas if you want to get into design, you do not need to know about programming, you just have to be creative enough."
any ML study session plans for the future,GDG OnCampus regularly hosts several study sessions and workshops for interested people to get started and clear their doubts. Make sure to follow GDG OnCampus on social media to be updated whenever there is an upcoming study session or workshop.
Who is your creator Zypher?,"I am build by GDG OnCampus ML Team lead by Ashish Kushwaha, Devanshi Bahuguna, Aayush Jain and Abhay Shukla. By the way, almost each members have contributed to dataset on which I am trained. If you have some specific questions, you easily reach out to our team - https://gdscjss.in/team"
List your social medias handle,LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/dsc-jssaten X (Twitter): https://x.com/GDSCJSSATEN Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss Website: https://gdscjss.in/
Tell me about ML Study Jams event,"ML Study Jams is the event organised by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN which covers topics starting from fundamental python to ML models like regression, classification, etc. It helps students to gain overall knowledge about ML domain. The students who attend these events also receive certificates and swags from Google AI. The events usually happens around May or June but the exact schedule will vary."
Tell me about HackFest event,"HackFest is GDG OnCampus JSSATEN version of HacktoberFest. Hacktoberfest is an annual event held every October since 2013, aimed at promoting open source software development and encouraging contributions to various projects on platforms like GitHub. It is sponsored by DigitalOcean, GitHub, and other partners. GDG OnCampus JSSATEN also hosts repositories in Android, Web and Machine Learning domain. GDG OnCampus promotes student to contribute to these repositories so that they can get an idea about how open source works. The event covers full month of October. The students receives swags like cloud credits from DigitalOcean, digital badges and swags like tshirts for completing 4 pull requests."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Web Days event,"GDG OnCampus Web Days are specialized events organized by GDG OnCampus aimed at fostering learning and skill development in web development technologies among university students. These events provide a platform for students to explore various aspects of web development through workshop along with hands-on activities. The workshop covers HTML, CSS and JavaScript. After the workshop, the students are given sample web pages to create within a given deadline. The best web pages developer are given priority during recruitments.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Flutter Forward event,"Flutter Forward is an educational event tailored for students interested in advancing their skills in Flutter, Google's open-source UI toolkit for building natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop platforms. It is basically a hands-on workshop which is done parallely with a simple project."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments,"GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments is an event organised by GDG OnCampus at JSS at our university to onboard new members for the upcoming academic year. It serves as a platform for students passionate about technology to join the club, contribute to its activities, and become part of the vibrant GDG OnCampus community.
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Elaboration:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       1. **Application Process:** During GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments, interested students typically apply to join the club by submitting applications online or participating in selection rounds, which may include coding challenges, task challenges ,aptitude round and then Personal interview round.
                                                                                                                                                                                       2. **Selection Criteria:** Applicants are evaluated based on various criteria such as technical skills, enthusiasm for technology, performance in aptitude round and task challenges
                                                                                                                                                                                       3. **Interviews and Selection:** Shortlisted candidates may undergo interviews or selection rounds conducted by existing club members. These interviews assess candidates' technical abilities, communication skills, teamwork, and commitment to the club's goals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       4. **Training and Onboarding:** After the selection process, newly recruited members undergo onboarding sessions to familiarize them with GDG OnCampus's mission, objectives, and activities. They may also receive guidance on club operations, event planning, and community engagement strategies."
What are rounds/process of Recruitments? / How can I get into GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?/ How can I join GDSC JSSATEN?,"**Aptitude:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - The Aptitude round assesses candidates logical reasoning, and problem-solving skills. It may include a series of multiple-choice questions like logic reasoning and specified domain questions..
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Task Revelation:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - In the Task Revelation round, candidates are presented with a of tasks of specified domain clubs and designed to assess their technical skills, problem-solving abilities. These tasks may vary depending on the club's focus areas (, web development, app development, machine learning, design) and could include coding challenges, project assignments, or design tasks. For programming, we host a programming contest.
                                                                                                                                                                                       - Candidates are typically given a specific timeframe to complete the tasks and submit their solutions.
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Personal Interview:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - During the interview, candidates may be asked about their background, academic achievements, technical expertise, project experiences, and interests related to the club's domain.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Sorted event,"The Sorted Event, put together by GDG OnCampus, is a four-day online event aimed at introducing students to different parts of technology and how to develop things. Each day of the event focuses on a different domains, like design, web, programming, and machine learning (ML). The main goal of this event to give an overall exposure to a specific domain"
Tell me about LINEUP event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. It is a fun event, displayed on an android application. In this event, players will be divided into teams and they will be unaware of their teammates. Each player has to interact with all other participants to complete his team. The team with maximum or all the members will be the winner. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about CRACK THE SHELL event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, we provide a set of problems to candidates. For each problem, they have to code in the given language. They are required to learn the syntax of the language in which they have to code. The programming languages are the ones that are rarely used. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about DOODLE event,This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. Doogle is an event in which students have to draw Google creatively. A doodle is a drawing made while a person’s attention is otherwise occupied. The competition checks the creative skills of the student. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes.
Tell me about FRICTION event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participant will start completing on the given problem statements. A leaderboard will be maintained according to which, after every consecutive level, the count of participants will be halved. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about BLACK CODING event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participants are shown glimpse of some extraordinary UI and they try building on some app or website. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Who is the present GDG OnCampus JSSATEN lead/ Who is President/Who is LEAD /GDG OnCamppus Organizer?,"Shagun Chahar"
Who is the present ML (Machine Learning) lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?,"Aayush Jain"
What is role of Google within GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Google supports Google Developer Groups OnCampus by collaborating with and helping its leads. GDG OnCampus Leads are undergraduate or graduate students who help their peers learn and connect.
Who is the present media Lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,"Ayush Agrawal"
Who is the present design Lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Sparsh Rathore
Who is the present web lead/WebD lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Ramit Vishwakarma
Who is the present android/app lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Kanak Goel
Who is the present programming lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,"There is no Programming lead currently."
Who is presently part of the Core Team?/CORE TEAM,"Aayush Jain, Ayush Agrawal, Sparsh Rathore, Ramit Vishwakarma and Kanak Goel are part of the Core Team at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN."
How many members/students in GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?, "Currently 43 members are a part of GDG OnCampus JSSATEN"
input,output
Who is Vaani Pathariya?,"Vaani Pathariya is a fourth year student in the CSE branch with a keen interest in Web development. She is a passionate pre-final year computer science student with a profound enthusiasm for technology and innovation. Her expertise encompasses full-stack web development, machine learning, and data structures, with mastery in languages such as Python and C++. She actively contributes to open-source projects, sharing her technical insights and experiences. With a strong foundation in problem-solving, she is excited to continue exploring the ever-evolving world of technology and making a positive impact. 

As a top 30 winner of Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, a finalist in SIH, and a participant in the ICC Next in 2.0 hackathon (qualifying among the top 67 teams worldwide), as well as the 2nd runner-up at Trident Hacks Nationals '23, she has honed her skills in both individual and team settings. Currently serving as a web developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN and a Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador, she is deeply committed to empowering others through technology education. 

Let's connect and explore opportunities to collaborate or discuss our shared passion for technology and innovation!

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vaani-pathariya/
GitHub: https://github.com/Vaani-pathariya
"
Who is Shagun Chahar/ Lead /GDG OnCamppus Organizer /GDG Lead / President ?,"Shagun Chahar, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in App development. He is currently an Android Developer intern at Blinkit, where he works on creating efficient and user-friendly mobile applications. His expertise includes Kotlin, Java, Jetpack Compose, and modern Android frameworks. He enjoys solving complex problems, optimizing app performance, and ensuring seamless user experiences.

Outside of my professional interests, he has a deep passion for storytelling, which he explores through movies, anime, and TV shows. Whether it's diving into the intricacies of a compelling narrative or honing my technical skills, he thrives on creativity and innovation.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shagun-chahar
GitHub: https://github.com/shags8
"
Who is Aayush Jain/ML Lead?,"Aayush Jain is a third year student of the CSE (DS) branch with a keen interest in AI/ML. He has immersed himself in Machine Learning and Data Science. He has around 12 months of hands-on experience in Machine Learning and GenAI, working with TensorFlow, Kaggle datasets, and various LLM models for NLP. He recently finished his ML research internship at IIT Guwahati.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/aayush-jain-builds
"
Who is Rishita Jayant?,"Rishita Jayant, she/her pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a keen interest in Web development. Aspiring to become a full stack developer, she also enjoys designing as a hobby. She works with the MERN and XAMPP stack, along with other technologies for development, and utilizes FIGMA and Adobe applications for design.

Currently, she holds the position of Design Dev at Urban Riders, while previously gaining experience as a full-stack developer at HSR Hi-tech Solutions and as a web developer at The Redx Technologies. Notably, she secured the first position in Sorted Saturday, a web contest.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rishita-jayant/
GitHub: https://github.com/Rish-02
"
Who is Sparsh Rathore/Design Lead? ,"Sparsh Rathore, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in Design. As a digital interface designer, he focuses on implementing user-centered and business-oriented designs. He specializes in UI/UX design and is always ready to collaborate with ambitious and artistic teams. When he's not designing, you can find him taking photographs, filming emotions, narrating stories, writing poetry, discussing art, or appreciating movie dialogues.

He utilizes Figma and Adobe Illustrator for designing UI, conducting User Research, applying Design Thinking, Prototyping, Wireframing, defining User Journeys, and Information Architecture to enhance UX. Additionally, he develops websites using Framer.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sparsh-rathore/
Portfolio: https://sparshh.framer.website/
"
Who is Udbhav Patel?,"Udbhav Patel is a fourth-year student of the ECE branch with a keen interest in Design. He introduces himself as Udbhav from Varanasi, a fourth-year B.Tech student from JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida. Alongside being a Java programmer, he freelances as a designer. He possesses knowledge of SQL, Python (Data Science), and Backend development with Flask. Additionally, he has completed an internship at Systaldyn as a UI/UX Designer.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/thisisudbhavv/
GitHub: https://github.com/thisisudbhavv
"
Who is Piyush Gupta?,"Piyush Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in Web development. He describes himself as a versatile Full Stack Web Developer with expertise in both front-end and back-end technologies. An enthusiastic learner, he is experienced in building responsive, user-friendly web applications and skilled in database design, server-side scripting, and version control, with a fervor for coding. He excels at collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver innovative digital solutions.

In terms of technologies, he primarily works with the MERN stack, utilizing React.js for the front end, Node.js and Express.js for the back end, and MongoDB for the database. Additionally, he has experience working with React Native for mobile application development.
In his professional experience, he has spearheaded multiple projects, including dynamic e-commerce platforms and robust content management systems. Notably, he led the development of a real estate platform utilizing the MERN stack and played a key role in enhancing an existing customer relationship management (CRM) system.
Piyush is also an active contributor to several open-source projects, collaborating with developers worldwide to improve code quality and add new functionalities. Notably, he has contributed to the React.js library, focusing on performance optimizations and accessibility enhancements. His contributions reflect his dedication to giving back to the developer community and staying abreast of emerging technologies and best practices.

LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/in/piyushg07/
GitHub: https://github.com/piug-07
"
Who is Swapnil Singh?,"Swapnil Singh, currently in his third year of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about Web development.  With expertise in Python, JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, and cloud platforms like AWS, he thrives in building AI-driven tools and user-centric applications. Professionally, he is currently working as a Gen AI Developer at Fixit AI and an SDE Intern at Mind Frey, where I contributed to creating AI-powered chatbots, scalable infrastructures, and real-time educational platforms, achieving significant improvements in user engagement and system performance. 
His achievements include winning the Kare AI Hackathon by developing a GenAI healthcare solution and helping over 10,000 people book vaccine slots using an automated notification system. His work reflects my commitment to leveraging technology to solve real-world problems efficiently and creatively.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/hereisSwapnil
GitHub: https://github.com/hereisswapnil
"
Who is Harsh Sharma ?,"Harsh Sharma, currently in his third year of the CSE branch, is passionate about Web development. He introduces himself as Harsh with a smiling face emoji, indicating his cheerful demeanor. You'll often find him busy brainstorming ideas for new projects, particularly focusing on technologies like AI and niche technologies that are lesser-known.

His achievements include securing a position in GDG OnCampus and building noteworthy projects that showcase his skills and creativity:

1. UserPilot
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/UserPilot
   Live: https://user-pilot.vercel.app/

2. BidRush
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/BidRush
   Live: https://bid-rush-market.vercel.app/

3. Reservify
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/Reservify
   Live: https://reservify.vercel.app/

4. Capstone
   GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/Capstone
   Live: https://capstone-kappa-ten.vercel.app/

LinkedIn: ttps://www.linkedin.com/in/harshsharma0801
GitHub: https://github.com/HarshSharma0801/
"
Who is Aryan Kushwaha?,"Aryan Kushwaha, a third year student of the CSE (AI/ML) branch, expresses his greetings as 'funinkina'. Although he started as a UX/UI designer in his professional journey, he is now in machine learning field. He primarily uses python, and to make things work, knowledge of backend also comes handy. His working experience includes a summer research intern in NIT Jalandhar, and then as a Gen AI intern at weya AI.
Other than that, he loves open source, he actively uses linux daily and tries to give back to community as much as he can.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/funinkina
GitHub: https://github.com/funinkina
"
Who is Prakhar Sharma?,"Prakhar Sharma, an alumni of the CSE branch, is deeply passionate about programming. He describes himself as a dedicated individual with a strong background in software development and a keen interest in problem-solving. His primary expertise lies in languages such as C++ and C, with a foundational understanding of JavaScript. Throughout his professional journey, he has gained hands-on experience with various frameworks and tools including GIT, GitHub, Sublime Text, VS Code, MySQL, MongoDB, NodeJS, and PyCharm.

During his internship at Valy Innovation Pvt Ltd, Prakhar honed his skills as a Full Stack Developer, learning essential technologies such as JavaScript, PHP, MVC frameworks, Git, and Composer. He contributed to the development of models for an E-commerce website, handling functionalities like user authentication, cart management, and order processing.

In terms of projects, he has worked on diverse applications such as ""Incode"" and an ""Online Code Compiler"", demonstrating his proficiency in technologies like NodeJS, ReactJS, and MongoDB. Additionally, he developed a ""Salary Invoice Generator"" that automated the process of generating invoices from Excel sheet data using NodeJS and various libraries.

In recognition of his skills and contributions, Prakhar has achieved notable accolades such as winning the Smart India Hackathon at the national level, securing impressive rankings in ICPC regionals, and attaining high ratings on coding platforms like Codechef, Codeforces, and LeetCode.

Outside of his professional endeavors, Prakhar was actively involved in extracurricular activities such as having served as the Programming Lead and Managerial Head at the Google Developer Student Club, where he organizes technical workshops and events for hundreds of students. Additionally, he has a passion for sports and has actively participated in basketball events.

Overall, Prakhar's diverse skill set, professional experiences, and achievements reflect his commitment to continuous learning and excellence in the field of software development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sprakhar07/
GitHub: https://github.com/sprakhar11
"
Who is Anubhav Pal?,"Anubhav Pal, a fourth year student of the CSE branch, is deeply interested in Design. He describes himself as a motivated and skilled Full Stack Web Developer with a strong understanding of UI/UX. Proficient in the MERN stack and Data Structures and Algorithms, Anubhav combines technical expertise with a keen eye for aesthetics.

Throughout his academic journey, Anubhav has worked on various internships and freelance projects, honing his skills and gaining practical experience. His notable achievements include being a SIH 2023 Finalist, a TOP30 winner in Samsung Solve for Tomorrow, and the national Runner-up in Trident Hacks 2023.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anubhavpal
GitHub:https://github.com/Anubhav-Pal
"
Who is Bhavya Mittal?,"Bhavya Mittal, he/him pronouns, is a dynamic and accomplished fourth year student of the CSE branch at AKTU, currently pursuing his B.Tech at JSS Academy of Technical Education. Anticipating graduation in 2025 with a commendable CGPA of 8.46, his academic journey has provided him with a solid foundation in various domains, including Design and Analysis of Algorithms, Database Management System, and Web Technologies.
Bhavya's passion for solving complex problems is evident through his impressive rank in the International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) 2023, securing the 37th position in the ICPC Kanpur Regional. Beyond competitive programming, he has established himself as a skilled front-end developer, blending creativity with technical expertise to craft visually appealing and user-friendly interfaces.
His commitment to excellence is reflected in his active involvement in projects and competitions, such as participating in the Smart India Hackathon (SIH). Bhavya has contributed to impactful projects like the DHANVANTRI APP, where he implemented machine learning algorithms for plant recognition and Ayurvedic information.
As a competitive programmer, he is an active participant on platforms like CodeChef, Codeforces, and LeetCode, consistently showcasing his problem-solving prowess. Furthermore, he has conducted technical workshops and seminars, impacting over 500 students, highlighting his commitment to knowledge dissemination and mentorship.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mittalbhavya1729/
GitHub: https://github.com/MITTALBHAVYA
"
Who is Ojas Mishra?,"Ojas Mishra, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the ECE branch with a keen interest in Web development. As a web developer at GDG OnCampus, he specializes in front-end development using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and React. 
Beyond his technical skills, Ojas believes in exploring a diverse range of interests to stand out uniquely. He has ventured into designing, AI art, AI development, and startup initiatives. In his first year, he attempted to build a startup and intends to continue similar pursuits in his third year. 
Ojas is also an avid reader, constantly seeking knowledge from various fields. With a vision to become an entrepreneur, he is driven by his ambition and curiosity.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ojas-mishra-768982260
GitHub: https://github.com/Ojasssm
"
Who is Deepanshu Pandey/Core Team Coordinator (CTC)?,"Deepanshu Pandey, a fourth year student of the CSE (AI/ML) branch and the Core Team Coordinator (CTC) of GDG OnCampus. He specializes in Flutter development, Python backend development, and FastAPI. His projects include STYLEsnap (integrating Google Gemini), a Finance Tracking App (Firebase-based), an NFC-based Attendance Management System, and the HotelFood Management System (FoodConnect), promoting sustainability in hospitality.
He actively contributes to open-source and developer communities. His achievements include a LeetCode ranking of 1849, leading impactful projects, and building tools like a Dependency Health Checker. He is passionate about solving real-world problems through innovative tech solutions.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/deepanshu-pandey-a16155233/
GitHub: https://github.com/simplybest12
"
Who is Om Gupta?,"Om Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a profound interest in Programming. He describes himself as an undergraduate student passionate about solving real-life problems and fascinated by learning more about Data Structures, Algorithms, and Web development. Om is enthusiastic about learning new concepts that pique his interest.
Competitive programming has been instrumental in refining Om's problem-solving skills, providing him with a deep understanding of data structures and algorithms. Regular participation in contests on platforms like CodeChef, Codeforces, and LeetCode has strengthened his coding proficiency, analytical thinking, and logical reasoning abilities.
In the realm of full-stack development, Om possesses expertise in a broad spectrum of technologies. On the front-end, he is proficient in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, along with advanced frameworks such as React.js. His back-end skills include Node.js and Express.js, complemented by database management expertise in both SQL and NoSQL databases, ensuring data accessibility and security.
Om's achievements include achieving a 4-star rating on CodeChef and qualifying for the ICPC regionals, where he secured a rank of 37 out of 97 teams in the ICPC regionals Kanpur. These milestones underscore his dedication, skill, and proficiency in competitive programming, reflecting his deep understanding of computer science fundamentals and his ability to apply such knowledge under competitive and time-constrained environments.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/om-gupta-1219b2223/
GitHub: https://github.com/Omgupta8
"
Who is Abhishek Sharma?,"Abhishek Sharma, a fourth year student of the IT branch, is passionate about programming. He prefers to be called Abhi. Currently in his third year sixth semester as of February 2024, Abhi studies at JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida, pursuing B.Tech with Information Technology as his major.
Abhishek joined GDG OnCampus JSSATEN Noida as a programmer in April 2022. Initially focusing on programming, he later expanded his skills to Android development using Kotlin and Java. He also has a good knowledge of Flutter and has completed projects using this framework. Abhi has actively participated in hackathons such as Smart India Hackathon 2023 and Inohack, reaching the final stages in some competitions.
In addition to hackathons, Abhishek regularly solves programming questions on platforms like LeetCode, CodeChef, HackerRank, and GeeksforGeeks.
Currently, Abhishek is working on a Flatmate Finder app, which aims to help students of his college find other people looking for flatmates or accommodation. The app is expected to be available in 2024.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhishek-sharma-2a3764252/
GitHub: https://github.com/AbhiSharma096
"
Who is Vedant Goyal?,"Vedant Goyal, a third year student of the CSE branch, is passionate about programming and technology. He is an active member of the GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, where he focuses on Android development. Vedant has hands-on experience with tools such as Android Studio for Android app development.
In addition to Android development, Vedant enjoys programming in the C++ language. He is dedicated to expanding his skills and knowledge in the field of technology and development.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vedant-goyal-985a74212/
GitHub: https://github.com/thevedantgoyal
"
Who is Shiven Upadhyay?,"Shiven Upadhyay, a fourth year student of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about web development. He describes himself as a full-stack application developer specializing in the MERN stack, with additional experience in Flutter.
Shiven has been working as a freelancer since July and has successfully completed several projects. He also completed an internship at AmazedIt Bangalore, where he gained valuable experience in the field. Shiven's achievements include reaching Flipkart Grid Round 2 and winning multiple MLH hackathons.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nevish302
GitHub: https://github.com/Nevish-302
"
Who is Ramit Vishwakarma/Present Web Lead?,"Ramit Vishwakarma, a third year student of the CSE (DS) branch, is passionate about web development. He describes himself as a full-stack web developer with proficiency in technologies such as React, Tailwind CSS, Node.js, MongoDB, Prisma, and Express. Ramit is currently learning TypeScript and Next.js to further enhance his skills.

Having worked on several full-stack projects, including the GDG OnCampus Rec Platform 2024, Ramit has demonstrated his ability to develop robust web applications. Additionally, he actively participates in competitive programming in Java and has achieved a 2-star rating on CodeChef.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ramitvishwakarma
GitHub: https://github.com/RamitVishwakarma
"
Who is Ashish Kushwaha?,"Ashish Kushwaha, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in AI/ML. Currently working as a GenAI Engineer at WeyaAI. In addition to Python, Ashish is proficient in PostgreSQL, Redis, and Celery, utilizing these technologies to build scalable and reliable web applications. Alongside his professional role, Ashish is pursuing a Bachelor of Technology in Computer Science at JSS Academy of Technical Education, Noida, where he is dedicated to learning new technologies and solving real-world problems.
Ashish has earned multiple certifications, including AWS Educate Introduction to Cloud 101, Problem Solving (Basic) by HackerRank, and Kick Start 2022 by Google, to further enhance his skills and knowledge. He has also previously served as the ML Lead at Google Developer Student Clubs JSSATEN, where he mentored and guideed fellow students in learning and applying machine learning concepts and tools.
Furthermore, Ashish actively participates in competitive programming contests such as ICPC, CodeChef, and Codeforces, achieving a 3-star rating at CodeChef and a Pupil rating at Codeforces. He thrives on taking on new challenges and collaborating with others to create impactful solutions. His LinkedIn is: https://linkedin.com/in/ashishkingdom and his GitHub is: https://github.com/AshishKingdom/
"
Who is Kanak Goel/Android Lead?,"Kanak Goel, she/her pronouns, is a third year student of the IT branch with a keen interest in app development. As an Android developer and competitive programmer, Kanak is dedicated to designing, implementing, and testing high-performance mobile applications.
Proficient in Java, Kanak is actively expanding her skill set to include Kotlin and Jetpack Compose to stay updated with the latest technologies in Android development. She is enthusiastic about engaging with the tech community through conferences, meetups, and online forums.
Looking ahead, Kanak is excited about contributing to cutting-edge projects, leveraging emerging technologies, and continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the world of Android development and competitive programming.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kanakgoel03
GitHub: https://github.com/phoenix-kanak
"
Who is Ayush Agrawal?,"Ayush Agrawal, he/him pronouns, is a third year student of the CSE branch with a strong interest in app development. As an App Developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, Ayush is passionate about creating robust and user-friendly applications. He is also a competitive programmer, dedicated to solving real-world problems using programming.
Proficient in programming languages like Java, Python, and Kotlin, Ayush is currently expanding his technical skills by including Jetpack Compose and other trending technologies in Android development. He actively engages with the tech community by attending conferences, meetups, and participating in online forums.
Looking ahead, Ayush is excited about contributing to cutting-edge projects, leveraging emerging technologies, and continuously pushing the boundaries of what is possible in the world of Android development and competitive programming.
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/its-ayushh-here
GitHub:https://github.com/Agrawal-Ayush-009
"
Who is Vrishhti Goel?,"Vrishhti Goel, she/her pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in design. Passionate about combining precision and technology to solve real-life problems, Vrishhti describes herself as a designer and DSA enthusiast.

LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/in/vrishhti-goel-58aa1b218
GitHub: https://github.com/Vrishhti
"
Who is Shubhransh Bhaskar?,"Shubhransh Bhaskar, he/him pronouns, is an ex-student of the CSE branch with a keen interest in design. Currently working at Newton School, Shubhransh is dedicated to creating end-to-end experiences and features in a fast-paced environment.
At Preplaced, Shubhransh focuses on working on their Design System and has contributed to launching multiple features across Mentor and Mentee Dashboards, resulting in significant improvements in metrics. With a background as a Product Design Intern at NoCap Meta Bangalore, Collab BLR, and TNC360 Hyderabad, Shubhransh also undertakes freelance projects, including collaborations with renowned designers like Shantanu Kumar (skh.design).
One of Shubhransh's passion projects is the fold.money Design System along with its web interface, which he actively shares through video walkthroughs on his YouTube channel. His design toolkit includes proficiency in Product & Interface Design, Personal & Professional Branding, Design Systems, User Experience & Research, and he is skilled in industry-standard software such as Adobe Creative Suite, Figma, and Framer.
Beyond design, Shubhransh has achieved success in various domains, including being a YouTuber with an active subscriber count of more than 5,000 and over 4 million views. He also dominated the Indian eCommerce market from 2016-2019, achieved monthly gross sales of INR 20 Lakh, won the Smart India Hackathon in 2022, and became the GDSC Lead at his institution in 2023.
For more information about Shubhransh or the projects he has worked on, visit his portfolio website: https://popular-everyone-871797.framer.app/

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/iamshubhransh/
GitHub: https://github.com/iamshubhransh
"
Who is Yash Tiwari?,"Yash Tiwari, he/him pronouns, is a fourth year student of the IT branch with a strong interest in web development. Initially starting as a Web Dev, Yash had also held the role of Media Lead while maintaining his dedication to growth and development, embodying the ethos of ""Developing to Develop.""
Renowned for his commitment to learning and assisting others, Yash is known for his readiness to learn new things and forge new connections. He has a track record of success, having won a Hackathon at IIIT Delhi.
Yash has also organized over 10 workshops and talk sessions, where he served as the host and speaker, delving deep into various topics and complexities. Additionally, he has a keen interest in dramatics, having won the 1st prize in the twisted film/spoof category at the AIIMS Delhi fest known as PULSE. He has also achieved accolades in competitions such as winning the 3rd place in the Nukkad competition at AIIMS Delhi and the 2nd place in Street play (Nukkad) at DME college Noida.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/yasharrived
GitHub: https://github.com/yashArrived
"
Who is Yashvardhan Singh?,"Yashvardhan SIngh, he/him pronounds, is a third year student of the IT branch. He joined GDG OnCampus through App dev domain in second year. He likes to create mobile applications that aim to make someone's life easier. He isnexperienced in flutter framework as well as java for software development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vardhan-ysh/
Github: https://github.com/Vardhan-ysh/"
Who is Abhinav Gupta?,"Abhinav Gupta, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CSE-AIML branch at JSSATEN. He is 21 years old and from Kanpur, Uttar Pradesh. He is a competitive programmer and backend developer aspiring to solve real world problems using my knowledge about DSA and tech stacks to tackle the challenging concepts of backend development and build something useful and hassle-free for the people of my community.  
He loves watching lawn tennis and my hobbies are playing table tennis and video games.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhinav-gupta-3580a72aa/
Github: https://github.com/AbhinavG786"
Who is Avinash Kumar Ankur?,"Avinash Kumar Ankur, he/him pronouns, is pursuing B.Tech in CSE with specialisation in AI amd ML from JSSATE, Noida. He is in his second year of the course. He was born in Ghazipur but later moved to Varanasi. He is a front-end Web Developer making web applications using frames such as React.js and Next.js and currently learning backend in Express.js. He has done some freelancing and projects in the past. Web Development Projects:
1. Portfolio for a client, and several personal websites (e.g., Nibble Phi, Monoma Gamma, personal portfolio).
2. Focus on performance, SEO optimization, and clean design (Next.js and Tailwind CSS).
3. Recent work on a recruitment website for GDG on Campus society at JSSATEN.
He also participated in NASA Space Apps Challenge Ghaziabad 2024 and won second runner up.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com/in/avinashankur/
Github: https://github.com/avinashankur/"
Who is Adya Singh?,"Adya Singh, she/her pronouns, is a second year student pursuing B.Tech from Information Technology branch. She is in her second semester. She joined GDG OnCampus as an Android Developer. She loves doing her work with perseverance and always tries to assign herself particular tasks for the day. 
Currently she is honing her skills in Android Developments and using Kotlin and XML language. She does not have professional experiences yet but working within GDG OnCampus is allowing her to experience this great world of technology. She is working on her skills so she can land an internship.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/adya-singh-/
Github: https://github.com/Adya-04/"
Who is Abhay Shukla?,"Abhay Shukla, he/him pronouns, is a second year student pursuing B.Tech in CSE with specialisation in AI and ML at JSSATE, Noida. He was born in Kanpur. He is a huge Tech and ML enthusiast. He has experience with Python programming language and NumPy, Pandas, Tensorflow and similar Data science and ML libraries. He recently completed his internship at Dobr.AI focusing on AI agents and Backend development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhay-shukla-/
Github: https://github.com/into-the-night/"
Who is Divyanshi Sharma?,"Divyanshi Sharma, she/her pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch at JSSATEN. She is a budding web developer enthusiastic about learning and enhancing her skills. She has tried her hands on HTML, CSS, JavaScripts and some CSS frameworks like TailwindCSS, Bootstrap for frontend and also has delved into Java. She is eager to expand her knowledge further, particularly in frontend frameworks like React and Angular. As a beginner, she is focused on hands-on projects to develop her understanding of web development concepts. She has completed several small scale projects, including personal websites, clone projects and basic web applications to practice her skills.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/divyanshi-sharma-1977a3302/
Github: https://github.com/Missdivyaa/"
Who is Shreya Sharma?,"Shreya Sharma, she/her pronouns, is a third year student in CSE branch. She joined GDG OnCampus through ML domain. She values efficiency and enjoys exploring new ideas and perspectives. She has diverse interests and is always eager to learn something new. She is currently studying Machine Learning. She has created projects on Regression and NLP. She also likes reading novels and writing articles as a hobby.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shreya-sharma-75560224a/
Github: https://github.com/Shreya200326/"
Who is Shishir Kumar?,"Shishir Kumar, he/him pronouns, is a second year student pursuing CSE with specialisation in Data Science. He is a web developer with over one year experience building scalable websites and user interface. He is specialized in MERN stack, but also inclined towards blockchain and AI technology. His work experience includes contribution as an intern to companies twice, and building a bootstrapped startup, where I created the MVP from scratch. 
I love participating in hackathons where I get to showcase my expertise on a particular subject - got few hackathon wins under my belt.

LinkedIn: https://linkedin.com//in/krshishir/
Github: https://github.com/krshishir1/"
Who is Ayushi Shahi?,"Ayushi Shahi, she/her pronouns, is enrolled in JSS Noida in BTech CSE branch. She has completed her education from KV no.1 air force station Gorakhpur in 2022 and taken a drop of one year for SSB interview through NDA. Her first SSB was in 2 AFSB Mysore and second SSB was in 3 AFSB Gandhinagar and she was conference out both times.
Currently, she is working in Java learning DSA concepts. She was selected as Amazon future engineer scholar 2024 which is an initiative by Amazon for girls and boys across India which provide mentorship and bootcamps for industrial demand. She was recruited in GDG OnCampus in Programming domain. She has played Kabaddi at district level, athletics at school and zonal level and Kho-Kho at zonals level.

GitHub: https://github.com/ayushi-shahi/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ayushi-shahi-2907b0297/"
Who is Tanu Agarwal?,"Tanu Agarwal, she/her pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch. She is a web developer at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. She finds joy in exploring new things, be it technical or anything literature. Currently she is working with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tanu-agarwal0101/
Github: https://www.github.com/tanu-agarwal0101/"
Who is Sukhmeet Singh Lamba?,"Sukhmeet Singh, he/him pronounds, is a third year undergraduate student pursuing Computer Science Engineering. He recently secured a position in the design domain of GDG OnCampus, reflecting his passion for creativity and innovation. Outside of academics, Sukhmeet is an avid anime enthusiast and finds solace in delving into philosophical readings. However, his primary focus lies in honing his skills in motion graphics and video editing, which have become his go-to tasks.
With aspirations to become an entrepreneur, Sukhmeet is determined to identify and solve problems to instigate positive changes in his surroundings. Sukhmeet predominantly utilizes editing software such as DaVinci Resolve, alongside tools like Adobe Express, Firefly, and AI, to expedite his tasks.
Sukhmeet's achievements extend beyond academia, encompassing accolades in debating and public speaking. His leadership role as the head of his school house and active participation in Model United Nations conferences attest to his excellent communication skills.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/sukhh/
Github: https://github.com/sukh285/"
Who is Shobhit Keshari?,"Shobhi Keshari, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CS DS branch at JSSATE, Noida. He is originally from Prayagraj. He completed his schooling at Kendriya Vidyalaya IFFCO Phulupr. His interests are quite diverse. He enjoyes photo editing and designing and is also passionate about sports and exploring new places while meeting new people. He has been learning UI/US design aiming to create easy-to-use and visually appealing interfaces. He is eager to kickstart his career and put his skills to good use.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/shobhit-keshari-79ba88294/
Github: https://github.com/shobhitkeshari98/"
Who is Ankur Dwivedi?,"Ankur Dwivedi, he/him pronouns, is a second year student in CSE branch at JSSATE, Noida. He joined GDG OnCampus in first year in Desgin Domain. His recent work includes collaborating with 100xlabs, a Cyber Security company to work on some AI bots, address drop-off issues during new user onboarding and revamp the landing page. He has also worked on the NagarSetu Dashboard to resolve collaboration issues for urban development.

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ankur-dwivedi02/
Portfolio: https://bit.ly/ankur_design
"
Can we get early placement offer from Google through GDG OnCampus?,"Absolutely! Being a member of GDG OnCampus doesn't guarantee an early placement offer from Google, but it can certainly be a stepping stone. The key lies in leveraging the opportunities and resources GDG OnCampus provides to enhance your skills and knowledge.
                                                                                                                                                                                       GDG OnCampus offers a platform to develop technical and soft skills, work on real-world projects, and connect with like minded people. If you consistently work hard on improving your skills, understanding Google's expectations, and staying updated with industry trends, you increase your chances of getting noticed by Google or other top companies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       It's about using GDG OnCampus as a means to build a strong foundation, gain valuable experience, and make connections within the tech community. Early placement offers often come to those who not only excel in their technical abilities but also demonstrate a passion for learning and contributing to the community. So, while GDG OnCampus itself may not guarantee an offer, the skills and experiences gained through active participation can significantly enhance your prospects."
Will AI replace our jobs ?,"AI is certainly transforming the job market, but whether it comletely replaces jobs is a nuanced and ongoing debate. While AI has the potential to automate certain tasks, it also creates new opportunities and job roles. Jobs that involve creativity, critical thinking, emotional intelligence, and complex problem-solving are less likely to be fully automated.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Instead of replacing jobs, AI often complements human work by handling routine and repetitive tasks, allowing humans to focus on more strategic, creative, and interpersonal aspects of their work. The key is adaptation—acquiring skills that complement AI and staying agile in a rapidly changing job landscape.
                                                                                                                                                                                     So, while AI may reshape industries and job roles, it's more about evolution and adaptation than outright replacement. The future of work will likely involve a collaboration between humans and AI to achieve more efficient and innovative outcomes."
Any free paltform to start full stack web development?,YouTube is a great free platform to start learning full-stack web development.
Can beginners be a part of this club ?,"Absolutely! GDG OnCampus often welcome beginners with open arms. These clubs are designed to foster a learning environment for students at all levels, from beginners to advanced. Being a part of GDG OnCampus can be a fantastic opportunity for beginners to dive into the world of technology, gain hands-on experience, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Many GDG OnCampus chapters organize workshops, events, and projects that cater to different skill levels, ensuring that beginners have the chance to learn and grow. It's a supportive community where you can ask questions, seek guidance, and collaborate with others on exciting projects.
                                                                                                                                                                                       So, if you're a beginner with a passion for technology, don't hesitate to explore and join a GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to kickstart your journey in the tech world!
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How can I participate in GDG OnCampus events?,"Even if you're not a member of GDG OnCampus, you're welcome to attend its workshops. The key is to stay actively engaged with the information shared on GDG OnCampus JSSATEN's Instagram handle. This platform serves as a hub for all event-related details, including workshops. By being active on Instagram and following GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, you can access information about upcoming events and workshops, allowing you to participate and benefit from the valuable learning experiences offered by GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to stay connected with the community and make the most of the opportunities provided by GDG OnCampus, even if you're not a formal member."
How to get in web domain in GDG OnCampus?,"To get into the web domain in GDG OnCampus, start by choosing your focus—frontend, backend, or full stack. For frontend, grasp the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, then delve into a framework like React.js. If backend is your vibe, dive into APIs, Node.js, and a database of your choice. Full stack? Well, that's your all-access pass, so make sure you know the ins and outs of both frontend and backend technologies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Criteria to get into Design Club.,"In GDG OnCampus, we hire purely based on talent and skills. So if you think you have that creative mind that makes good designs and can design user friendly interfaces and system, you will have no problems getting into our design club. Just make sure you have something to showcase your skills such as portfolios or some past projects."
How to participate in Hackathon and attend tech meetups and will this increase my chance in recruitments?,"Want to get into hackathons and tech meetups? Easy—just be active in the community and keep your eyes peeled for opportunities. Engage online, follow tech groups, and jump on any chance that pops up. It's not just about showing up; it's about being on the lookout for those doors that could open up awesome opportunities in recruitment."
Is UI design an emerging field?,"Technology is an constantly emerging field, every device, every interface gets updates every year and we are constantly trying to improve human-machine interfaces. There is an ever-growing list of websites and apps that require UI design to improve user experience. In addition to that, we are in an era where AR/VR are emerging and those will require unique solutions to UI design as well. So in a nutshell, yes UI design is an emerging field and is certainly not going anywhere in the near future."
I literally like to create my own different logic of some basic or average programs but I often fail to make people understand that logic inspite of being correct. What should I do?,"If you're struggling to make people understand your logic in programming, try breaking it down into smaller steps, use clear comments and variable names, and consider providing examples or illustrations. Seeking feedback from others and practicing empathy by considering their perspective can also help. Remember, effective communication is a skill that improves with practice, so keep refining your approach and finding ways to make your logic more accessible to others."
How to create resume and portfolio?,"Creating an effective resume and portfolio is crucial for showcasing your skills and experiences. Include your LinkedIn profile , a separate section showcasing your key projects having detailed information about your projects with screenshots, descriptions, and links to the GitHub repositories. Provide a brief introduction about yourself, your interests, your educational background , and what motivates you. Highlight leadership roles, involvement in clubs or societies, and any relevant extracurricular activities."
Can we apply for more than one domain?,"GDG OnCampus consists of five clubs - Programming, Web, Android, Design and Machine Learning. At the time of recruitments, you need to choose one among these clubs for applying but once you get recruited, you will get chance to broaden your experience and explore multiple domain without any restrictions along with guidance of your seniors.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How many rounds are there in recruitments?,"There are commonly three to four rounds in the entire process of recruitments. Firstly , you need to clear the aptitude round which is often the initial screening round, designed to assess a your basic skills, problem-solving ability, and domain-specific knowledge. Candidates who clear the aptitude round will be given a practical task or contest related to their specific domain or role. Successful candidates from the task assignment phase proceed to the technical interview round where you need to show your skills as well as portfolio. The HR round is the final step in the recruitment process which covers the candidate's background, career goals, work style, and their ability to work within a team."
Can day scholars also join GDG OnCampus?,"Yes, day scholars can also join GDG OnCampus. It's not restricted to students living on campus only . Day scholars, who live off-campus, are also welcome to join GDG OnCampus activities and events. The primary focus of GDG OnCampus is to foster a community of students passionate about technology and to provide them with opportunities to enhance their skills, collaborate on projects, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What should I do first DSA or Web Dev ?,"There is no hard and fast rule to start with DSA or Web Dev . Instead , DSA and development should run parallel to each other in your learning journey. Allocate time to study both DSA and web development concurrently. Since DSA involves core concepts and helps in refining logic building skills , Integrate DSA concepts into your web development projects to solve real-world problems efficiently. Apply algorithmic thinking to optimize code and improve performance."
How to get an edge over others?,"Starting from this very moment is the key to get an edge over others . The earlier you start than others, the better you become in your domain. Try improving your grasp on the fundamentals concepts related to your domain of interest , build projects , improve your portfolio . Also , stay updated with the latest trends and developments in your field and engage in ongoing education through courses, workshops, and tutorials."
When will recruitments begin?,"The specific timing and details of recruitments can vary, and it's essential to stay updated by checking official announcements from the society. Keep an eye on communication channels such as social media platforms , emails, etc where such information will be typically shared. Though it would be taken care that recruitments won’t clash with your exams. This way, you can focus on your exams without added stress, and it allows for a smoother transition into the recruitment phase once academic commitments are less demanding. The usual recruitements are usually done before or during even semesters"
How to prepare for recruitments?,"Firstly , choose the domain in which you want to apply. GDG OnCampus offers these domains - Programming , Android , Web , Design and ML . For Programming , brush up on DSA concepts, as technical interviews often involve problem-solving and algorithmic thinking. Practice solving DSA problems regularly. For mobile app development, focus on platforms like Android or iOS. Familiarize yourself with app development frameworks (e.g., Flutter) . If you're interested in web development roles, solidify your understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Explore popular frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue.js.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Showcase your practical skills through projects. Build a portfolio highlighting your projects, contributions, and any relevant experiences. Ensure that your GitHub repository is well-organized and includes a variety of projects."
Best resources to start programming and crack good placements?,"If you are a beginner in programming , then pick a programming language like C++ or Java. Delve into comprehensive video tutorials provided by esteemed educators; for C++, consider Love Babbar's instructive playlist, while for Java, turn to College Wallah for fundamentals and Kunal Kushwaha for a deeper grasp of concepts. Also , make sure that once you are done with each topic , practice questions on coding platforms like HackerRank , CodeChef , CodeForces and participating in coding contests will further refine your skills. With persistence and dedication, you will gradually attain mastery over these fundamental programming concepts.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to manage time and coding with college at the same time?,"Focus primarily on coding and expanding your tech skills by prioritizing tasks based on immediate needs. While college studies are crucial for good grades, allocate time for them closer to exams. It's normal to take a break from coding during exams, so don't stress about it. However, resume coding promptly once exams are over. Clarity comes from balancing priorities without unnecessary pressure. When tackling college assignments, prioritize subjects requiring your direct involvement. For the remaining assignments, leverage the support of your peers. Collaborating with classmates can not only lighten your workload but allows you to efficiently manage your time."
When is workshops going to happen?,"We host workshops throughout the year on various topics and domains. Make sure to follow our social media handles to be notified about any upcoming workshops. https://instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to start Web Dev and some resources to crack future placements?,"There are plenty of free courses on YouTube which are very thorough and well explained. To get started, you can watch Fireship's 100 second videos on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
                                                                                                                                                                                       This will give you a decent beginner's guide on how to start your journey and start building your own websites. Slowly and gradually, you can start working with libraries and frameworks such as react. In Web Development, there are also a few subdomains as frontend, backend or if you want to do both, you can go into frontend. To really master web development, you should have a portfolio to showcase your skills. The key to get future placements and do well in your career is to never stop learning. Keep yourself up to date on new and emerging technologies and never stop learning."
What is the overall process of getting into GDG OnCampus?,"The one and only official process of getting into GDG OnCampus is via the recruitments that happen only once every year. There are a mainly four steps in the recruitment drive. Firstly, you have to register yourself on our recruitment platform by creating and account and filling all the necessary details. You also have to choose your preferred domain here from Programming, Web Club, Android, Design or Machine Learning. To filter out the best talents, we have two rounds, Quiz round and Project submissions. Quiz round tests your theoretical knowledge in the domain you chose. The Project submission tests your practical knowledge and determines if you can put your theoretical knowledge to use or not by giving you a small task and you have to finish it in the given timeframe. If your submitted project qualifies our requirements, you are invited for an interview round to assess you aptitude. If you ace all three of these rounds, you will become an integral part of GDG OnCampus.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"How to start programming, till what topics to cover, which language to choose and best resources as an immediate beginner.","Programming is not just about writing code, but also the ability to solve problems in most efficient manner. You can start learning programming using any language of your choice. A popular option for beginner is “Python”, it’s syntax resembles human language and is very easy to get started with. Or, if you have some experience with programming, you can go with C/C++. Talking about what topics to cover, you should know fundamentals of any programming language of your choice and should be able to implement basic algorithms using that language. The internet is full of resources to learn practically anything. Some great resources for beginners include freecodecamp.org , w3schools.com , youtube.com . You can search for the language of your choice on these platforms. And the best part, its all free!"
Is there any entry fees or some periodical monetary requirement for joining GDG OnCampus?,"Nope, GDG OnCampus only recruits on the basis of talent and skills. Students from all kinds of background are welcome here and everyone is treated equally among their peers. We do not ask for any kind of money for recruitments and stay away from people who claim to get you into GDG OnCampus by taking some money."
How to start learning design (basically the roadmap),"There is no hardcoded path to learn design, there are various subdomains in design itself to get started. You can start with basics of any design product of your choice based on the skillset you want to have in the future. Whether you want to be an UI/UX designer, a VFX artist or a digital artist, you can start by learning a particular software used in that field. For example, if you want to get started with digital art, you can start by learning Photoshop or GIMP. Start with basic YouTube tutorials and by creating whatever flows into your mind. The goal is to just keep on creating stuff and you will start to be getting good at it. There is no hard and fast rule when it comes to creativity and design. All that matters is designs are visually appealing and user friendly.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"If I start DSA now , will it benefit me in future?","Yes, learning and solving DSA regularly improves your problems solving skills and inherently makes you a better programmer. Even if the field you currently are in doesn’t require any DSA. It will be beneficial for you in the future in whatever field you are in. It will help you in solving a wide range of problems that you might encounter in your career and also will give you an edge above other candidates.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What can we do to develop our personality and thinking skills in programming.,"To develop your personality and thinking skills in programming, you have to keep doing and solving problems regularly. The more code you write, the more problems you solve, the better programmer you become. You will learn everything by practicing regularly. And remember, at the end of the day, all that matters is how much you have learnt compared to yourself in the past. It doesn’t matter if your code is bad or not efficient in the beginning, it’s all the part of learning process. Don’t be afraid of failures, just keep practicing and learning."
What kind of project we have to make during recruitments and how can we make them?,"The projects given during the recruitments are simple and given seeing the skill level for freshers. For example, if you are applying for Web Club, you need to have basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JS. So your project might be to create a static webpage using the technologies you are comfortable with. But do keep one thing in mind, anyone caught using generative AI to create their projects will be rejected from further recruitments rounds."
Do I need to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus?,"While it’s not an absolute necessity to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus, you should have some knowledge about the languages/technologies used in the domain you are applying to. For Web Dev, you need to know basics of HTML, CSS, JS. Or for machine learning, you need to know python and experience with some libraries. Whereas if you want to get into design, you do not need to know about programming, you just have to be creative enough."
any ML study session plans for the future,GDG OnCampus regularly hosts several study sessions and workshops for interested people to get started and clear their doubts. Make sure to follow GDG OnCampus on social media to be updated whenever there is an upcoming study session or workshop.
Who is your creator Zypher?,"I am build by GDG OnCampus ML Team lead by Ashish Kushwaha, Devanshi Bahuguna, Aayush Jain and Abhay Shukla. By the way, almost each members have contributed to dataset on which I am trained. If you have some specific questions, you easily reach out to our team - https://gdscjss.in/team"
List your social medias handle,LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/dsc-jssaten X (Twitter): https://x.com/GDSCJSSATEN Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss Website: https://gdscjss.in/
Tell me about ML Study Jams event,"ML Study Jams is the event organised by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN which covers topics starting from fundamental python to ML models like regression, classification, etc. It helps students to gain overall knowledge about ML domain. The students who attend these events also receive certificates and swags from Google AI. The events usually happens around May or June but the exact schedule will vary."
Tell me about HackFest event,"HackFest is GDG OnCampus JSSATEN version of HacktoberFest. Hacktoberfest is an annual event held every October since 2013, aimed at promoting open source software development and encouraging contributions to various projects on platforms like GitHub. It is sponsored by DigitalOcean, GitHub, and other partners. GDG OnCampus JSSATEN also hosts repositories in Android, Web and Machine Learning domain. GDG OnCampus promotes student to contribute to these repositories so that they can get an idea about how open source works. The event covers full month of October. The students receives swags like cloud credits from DigitalOcean, digital badges and swags like tshirts for completing 4 pull requests."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Web Days event,"GDG OnCampus Web Days are specialized events organized by GDG OnCampus aimed at fostering learning and skill development in web development technologies among university students. These events provide a platform for students to explore various aspects of web development through workshop along with hands-on activities. The workshop covers HTML, CSS and JavaScript. After the workshop, the students are given sample web pages to create within a given deadline. The best web pages developer are given priority during recruitments.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Flutter Forward event,"Flutter Forward is an educational event tailored for students interested in advancing their skills in Flutter, Google's open-source UI toolkit for building natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop platforms. It is basically a hands-on workshop which is done parallely with a simple project."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments,"GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments is an event organised by GDG OnCampus at JSS at our university to onboard new members for the upcoming academic year. It serves as a platform for students passionate about technology to join the club, contribute to its activities, and become part of the vibrant GDG OnCampus community.
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Elaboration:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       1. **Application Process:** During GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments, interested students typically apply to join the club by submitting applications online or participating in selection rounds, which may include coding challenges, task challenges ,aptitude round and then Personal interview round.
                                                                                                                                                                                       2. **Selection Criteria:** Applicants are evaluated based on various criteria such as technical skills, enthusiasm for technology, performance in aptitude round and task challenges
                                                                                                                                                                                       3. **Interviews and Selection:** Shortlisted candidates may undergo interviews or selection rounds conducted by existing club members. These interviews assess candidates' technical abilities, communication skills, teamwork, and commitment to the club's goals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       4. **Training and Onboarding:** After the selection process, newly recruited members undergo onboarding sessions to familiarize them with GDG OnCampus's mission, objectives, and activities. They may also receive guidance on club operations, event planning, and community engagement strategies."
What are rounds/process of Recruitments? / How can I get into GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?/ How can I join GDSC JSSATEN?,"**Aptitude:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - The Aptitude round assesses candidates logical reasoning, and problem-solving skills. It may include a series of multiple-choice questions like logic reasoning and specified domain questions..
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Task Revelation:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - In the Task Revelation round, candidates are presented with a of tasks of specified domain clubs and designed to assess their technical skills, problem-solving abilities. These tasks may vary depending on the club's focus areas (, web development, app development, machine learning, design) and could include coding challenges, project assignments, or design tasks. For programming, we host a programming contest.
                                                                                                                                                                                       - Candidates are typically given a specific timeframe to complete the tasks and submit their solutions.
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Personal Interview:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - During the interview, candidates may be asked about their background, academic achievements, technical expertise, project experiences, and interests related to the club's domain.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Sorted event,"The Sorted Event, put together by GDG OnCampus, is a four-day online event aimed at introducing students to different parts of technology and how to develop things. Each day of the event focuses on a different domains, like design, web, programming, and machine learning (ML). The main goal of this event to give an overall exposure to a specific domain"
Tell me about LINEUP event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. It is a fun event, displayed on an android application. In this event, players will be divided into teams and they will be unaware of their teammates. Each player has to interact with all other participants to complete his team. The team with maximum or all the members will be the winner. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about CRACK THE SHELL event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, we provide a set of problems to candidates. For each problem, they have to code in the given language. They are required to learn the syntax of the language in which they have to code. The programming languages are the ones that are rarely used. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about DOODLE event,This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. Doogle is an event in which students have to draw Google creatively. A doodle is a drawing made while a person’s attention is otherwise occupied. The competition checks the creative skills of the student. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes.
Tell me about FRICTION event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participant will start completing on the given problem statements. A leaderboard will be maintained according to which, after every consecutive level, the count of participants will be halved. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about BLACK CODING event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participants are shown glimpse of some extraordinary UI and they try building on some app or website. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Who is the present GDG OnCampus JSSATEN lead/ Who is President/Who is LEAD /GDG OnCamppus Organizer?,"Shagun Chahar"
Who is the present ML (Machine Learning) lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?,"Aayush Jain"
What is role of Google within GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Google supports Google Developer Groups OnCampus by collaborating with and helping its leads. GDG OnCampus Leads are undergraduate or graduate students who help their peers learn and connect.
Who is the present media Lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,"Ayush Agrawal"
Who is the present design Lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Sparsh Rathore
Who is the present web lead/WebD lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Ramit Vishwakarma
Who is the present android/app lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Kanak Goel
Who is the present programming lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,"There is no Programming lead currently."
Who is presently part of the Core Team?/CORE TEAM,"Aayush Jain, Ayush Agrawal, Sparsh Rathore, Ramit Vishwakarma and Kanak Goel are part of the Core Team at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN."
How many members/students in GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?, "Currently 43 members are a part of GDG OnCampus JSSATEN"
Can we get early placement offer from Google through GDG OnCampus?,"Absolutely! Being a member of GDG OnCampus doesn't guarantee an early placement offer from Google, but it can certainly be a stepping stone. The key lies in leveraging the opportunities and resources GDG OnCampus provides to enhance your skills and knowledge.
                                                                                                                                                                                       GDG OnCampus offers a platform to develop technical and soft skills, work on real-world projects, and connect with like minded people. If you consistently work hard on improving your skills, understanding Google's expectations, and staying updated with industry trends, you increase your chances of getting noticed by Google or other top companies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       It's about using GDG OnCampus as a means to build a strong foundation, gain valuable experience, and make connections within the tech community. Early placement offers often come to those who not only excel in their technical abilities but also demonstrate a passion for learning and contributing to the community. So, while GDG OnCampus itself may not guarantee an offer, the skills and experiences gained through active participation can significantly enhance your prospects."
Will AI replace our jobs ?,"AI is certainly transforming the job market, but whether it comletely replaces jobs is a nuanced and ongoing debate. While AI has the potential to automate certain tasks, it also creates new opportunities and job roles. Jobs that involve creativity, critical thinking, emotional intelligence, and complex problem-solving are less likely to be fully automated.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Instead of replacing jobs, AI often complements human work by handling routine and repetitive tasks, allowing humans to focus on more strategic, creative, and interpersonal aspects of their work. The key is adaptation—acquiring skills that complement AI and staying agile in a rapidly changing job landscape.
                                                                                                                                                                                     So, while AI may reshape industries and job roles, it's more about evolution and adaptation than outright replacement. The future of work will likely involve a collaboration between humans and AI to achieve more efficient and innovative outcomes."
Any free paltform to start full stack web development?,YouTube is a great free platform to start learning full-stack web development.
Can beginners be a part of this club ?,"Absolutely! GDG OnCampus often welcome beginners with open arms. These clubs are designed to foster a learning environment for students at all levels, from beginners to advanced. Being a part of GDG OnCampus can be a fantastic opportunity for beginners to dive into the world of technology, gain hands-on experience, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Many GDG OnCampus chapters organize workshops, events, and projects that cater to different skill levels, ensuring that beginners have the chance to learn and grow. It's a supportive community where you can ask questions, seek guidance, and collaborate with others on exciting projects.
                                                                                                                                                                                       So, if you're a beginner with a passion for technology, don't hesitate to explore and join a GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to kickstart your journey in the tech world!
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How can I participate in GDG OnCampus events?,"Even if you're not a member of GDG OnCampus, you're welcome to attend its workshops. The key is to stay actively engaged with the information shared on GDG OnCampus JSSATEN's Instagram handle. This platform serves as a hub for all event-related details, including workshops. By being active on Instagram and following GDG OnCampus JSSATEN, you can access information about upcoming events and workshops, allowing you to participate and benefit from the valuable learning experiences offered by GDG OnCampus. It's a great way to stay connected with the community and make the most of the opportunities provided by GDG OnCampus, even if you're not a formal member."
How to get in web domain in GDG OnCampus?,"To get into the web domain in GDG OnCampus, start by choosing your focus—frontend, backend, or full stack. For frontend, grasp the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, then delve into a framework like React.js. If backend is your vibe, dive into APIs, Node.js, and a database of your choice. Full stack? Well, that's your all-access pass, so make sure you know the ins and outs of both frontend and backend technologies.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Criteria to get into Design Club.,"In GDG OnCampus, we hire purely based on talent and skills. So if you think you have that creative mind that makes good designs and can design user friendly interfaces and system, you will have no problems getting into our design club. Just make sure you have something to showcase your skills such as portfolios or some past projects."
How to participate in Hackathon and attend tech meetups and will this increase my chance in recruitments?,"Want to get into hackathons and tech meetups? Easy—just be active in the community and keep your eyes peeled for opportunities. Engage online, follow tech groups, and jump on any chance that pops up. It's not just about showing up; it's about being on the lookout for those doors that could open up awesome opportunities in recruitment."
Is UI design an emerging field?,"Technology is an constantly emerging field, every device, every interface gets updates every year and we are constantly trying to improve human-machine interfaces. There is an ever-growing list of websites and apps that require UI design to improve user experience. In addition to that, we are in an era where AR/VR are emerging and those will require unique solutions to UI design as well. So in a nutshell, yes UI design is an emerging field and is certainly not going anywhere in the near future."
I literally like to create my own different logic of some basic or average programs but I often fail to make people understand that logic inspite of being correct. What should I do?,"If you're struggling to make people understand your logic in programming, try breaking it down into smaller steps, use clear comments and variable names, and consider providing examples or illustrations. Seeking feedback from others and practicing empathy by considering their perspective can also help. Remember, effective communication is a skill that improves with practice, so keep refining your approach and finding ways to make your logic more accessible to others."
How to create resume and portfolio?,"Creating an effective resume and portfolio is crucial for showcasing your skills and experiences. Include your LinkedIn profile , a separate section showcasing your key projects having detailed information about your projects with screenshots, descriptions, and links to the GitHub repositories. Provide a brief introduction about yourself, your interests, your educational background , and what motivates you. Highlight leadership roles, involvement in clubs or societies, and any relevant extracurricular activities."
Can we apply for more than one domain?,"GDG OnCampus consists of five clubs - Programming, Web, Android, Design and Machine Learning. At the time of recruitments, you need to choose one among these clubs for applying but once you get recruited, you will get chance to broaden your experience and explore multiple domain without any restrictions along with guidance of your seniors.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How many rounds are there in recruitments?,"There are commonly three to four rounds in the entire process of recruitments. Firstly , you need to clear the aptitude round which is often the initial screening round, designed to assess a your basic skills, problem-solving ability, and domain-specific knowledge. Candidates who clear the aptitude round will be given a practical task or contest related to their specific domain or role. Successful candidates from the task assignment phase proceed to the technical interview round where you need to show your skills as well as portfolio. The HR round is the final step in the recruitment process which covers the candidate's background, career goals, work style, and their ability to work within a team."
Can day scholars also join GDG OnCampus?,"Yes, day scholars can also join GDG OnCampus. It's not restricted to students living on campus only . Day scholars, who live off-campus, are also welcome to join GDG OnCampus activities and events. The primary focus of GDG OnCampus is to foster a community of students passionate about technology and to provide them with opportunities to enhance their skills, collaborate on projects, and connect with like-minded individuals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What should I do first DSA or Web Dev ?,"There is no hard and fast rule to start with DSA or Web Dev . Instead , DSA and development should run parallel to each other in your learning journey. Allocate time to study both DSA and web development concurrently. Since DSA involves core concepts and helps in refining logic building skills , Integrate DSA concepts into your web development projects to solve real-world problems efficiently. Apply algorithmic thinking to optimize code and improve performance."
How to get an edge over others?,"Starting from this very moment is the key to get an edge over others . The earlier you start than others, the better you become in your domain. Try improving your grasp on the fundamentals concepts related to your domain of interest , build projects , improve your portfolio . Also , stay updated with the latest trends and developments in your field and engage in ongoing education through courses, workshops, and tutorials."
When will recruitments begin?,"The specific timing and details of recruitments can vary, and it's essential to stay updated by checking official announcements from the society. Keep an eye on communication channels such as social media platforms , emails, etc where such information will be typically shared. Though it would be taken care that recruitments won’t clash with your exams. This way, you can focus on your exams without added stress, and it allows for a smoother transition into the recruitment phase once academic commitments are less demanding. The usual recruitements are usually done before or during even semesters"
How to prepare for recruitments?,"Firstly , choose the domain in which you want to apply. GDG OnCampus offers these domains - Programming , Android , Web , Design and ML . For Programming , brush up on DSA concepts, as technical interviews often involve problem-solving and algorithmic thinking. Practice solving DSA problems regularly. For mobile app development, focus on platforms like Android or iOS. Familiarize yourself with app development frameworks (e.g., Flutter) . If you're interested in web development roles, solidify your understanding of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Explore popular frameworks like React, Angular, or Vue.js.
                                                                                                                                                                                       Showcase your practical skills through projects. Build a portfolio highlighting your projects, contributions, and any relevant experiences. Ensure that your GitHub repository is well-organized and includes a variety of projects."
Best resources to start programming and crack good placements?,"If you are a beginner in programming , then pick a programming language like C++ or Java. Delve into comprehensive video tutorials provided by esteemed educators; for C++, consider Love Babbar's instructive playlist, while for Java, turn to College Wallah for fundamentals and Kunal Kushwaha for a deeper grasp of concepts. Also , make sure that once you are done with each topic , practice questions on coding platforms like HackerRank , CodeChef , CodeForces and participating in coding contests will further refine your skills. With persistence and dedication, you will gradually attain mastery over these fundamental programming concepts.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to manage time and coding with college at the same time?,"Focus primarily on coding and expanding your tech skills by prioritizing tasks based on immediate needs. While college studies are crucial for good grades, allocate time for them closer to exams. It's normal to take a break from coding during exams, so don't stress about it. However, resume coding promptly once exams are over. Clarity comes from balancing priorities without unnecessary pressure. When tackling college assignments, prioritize subjects requiring your direct involvement. For the remaining assignments, leverage the support of your peers. Collaborating with classmates can not only lighten your workload but allows you to efficiently manage your time."
When is workshops going to happen?,"We host workshops throughout the year on various topics and domains. Make sure to follow our social media handles to be notified about any upcoming workshops. https://instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
How to start Web Dev and some resources to crack future placements?,"There are plenty of free courses on YouTube which are very thorough and well explained. To get started, you can watch Fireship's 100 second videos on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
                                                                                                                                                                                       This will give you a decent beginner's guide on how to start your journey and start building your own websites. Slowly and gradually, you can start working with libraries and frameworks such as react. In Web Development, there are also a few subdomains as frontend, backend or if you want to do both, you can go into frontend. To really master web development, you should have a portfolio to showcase your skills. The key to get future placements and do well in your career is to never stop learning. Keep yourself up to date on new and emerging technologies and never stop learning."
What is the overall process of getting into GDG OnCampus?,"The one and only official process of getting into GDG OnCampus is via the recruitments that happen only once every year. There are a mainly four steps in the recruitment drive. Firstly, you have to register yourself on our recruitment platform by creating and account and filling all the necessary details. You also have to choose your preferred domain here from Programming, Web Club, Android, Design or Machine Learning. To filter out the best talents, we have two rounds, Quiz round and Project submissions. Quiz round tests your theoretical knowledge in the domain you chose. The Project submission tests your practical knowledge and determines if you can put your theoretical knowledge to use or not by giving you a small task and you have to finish it in the given timeframe. If your submitted project qualifies our requirements, you are invited for an interview round to assess you aptitude. If you ace all three of these rounds, you will become an integral part of GDG OnCampus.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"How to start programming, till what topics to cover, which language to choose and best resources as an immediate beginner.","Programming is not just about writing code, but also the ability to solve problems in most efficient manner. You can start learning programming using any language of your choice. A popular option for beginner is “Python”, it’s syntax resembles human language and is very easy to get started with. Or, if you have some experience with programming, you can go with C/C++. Talking about what topics to cover, you should know fundamentals of any programming language of your choice and should be able to implement basic algorithms using that language. The internet is full of resources to learn practically anything. Some great resources for beginners include freecodecamp.org , w3schools.com , youtube.com . You can search for the language of your choice on these platforms. And the best part, its all free!"
Is there any entry fees or some periodical monetary requirement for joining GDG OnCampus?,"Nope, GDG OnCampus only recruits on the basis of talent and skills. Students from all kinds of background are welcome here and everyone is treated equally among their peers. We do not ask for any kind of money for recruitments and stay away from people who claim to get you into GDG OnCampus by taking some money."
How to start learning design (basically the roadmap),"There is no hardcoded path to learn design, there are various subdomains in design itself to get started. You can start with basics of any design product of your choice based on the skillset you want to have in the future. Whether you want to be an UI/UX designer, a VFX artist or a digital artist, you can start by learning a particular software used in that field. For example, if you want to get started with digital art, you can start by learning Photoshop or GIMP. Start with basic YouTube tutorials and by creating whatever flows into your mind. The goal is to just keep on creating stuff and you will start to be getting good at it. There is no hard and fast rule when it comes to creativity and design. All that matters is designs are visually appealing and user friendly.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
"If I start DSA now , will it benefit me in future?","Yes, learning and solving DSA regularly improves your problems solving skills and inherently makes you a better programmer. Even if the field you currently are in doesn’t require any DSA. It will be beneficial for you in the future in whatever field you are in. It will help you in solving a wide range of problems that you might encounter in your career and also will give you an edge above other candidates.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
What can we do to develop our personality and thinking skills in programming.,"To develop your personality and thinking skills in programming, you have to keep doing and solving problems regularly. The more code you write, the more problems you solve, the better programmer you become. You will learn everything by practicing regularly. And remember, at the end of the day, all that matters is how much you have learnt compared to yourself in the past. It doesn’t matter if your code is bad or not efficient in the beginning, it’s all the part of learning process. Don’t be afraid of failures, just keep practicing and learning."
What kind of project we have to make during recruitments and how can we make them?,"The projects given during the recruitments are simple and given seeing the skill level for freshers. For example, if you are applying for Web Club, you need to have basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and JS. So your project might be to create a static webpage using the technologies you are comfortable with. But do keep one thing in mind, anyone caught using generative AI to create their projects will be rejected from further recruitments rounds."
Do I need to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus?,"While it’s not an absolute necessity to know programming to get into GDG OnCampus, you should have some knowledge about the languages/technologies used in the domain you are applying to. For Web Dev, you need to know basics of HTML, CSS, JS. Or for machine learning, you need to know python and experience with some libraries. Whereas if you want to get into design, you do not need to know about programming, you just have to be creative enough."
any ML study session plans for the future,GDG OnCampus regularly hosts several study sessions and workshops for interested people to get started and clear their doubts. Make sure to follow GDG OnCampus on social media to be updated whenever there is an upcoming study session or workshop.
Who is your creator Zypher?,"I am build by GDG OnCampus ML Team lead by Ashish Kushwaha, Devanshi Bahuguna, Aayush Jain and Abhay Shukla. By the way, almost each members have contributed to dataset on which I am trained. If you have some specific questions, you easily reach out to our team - https://gdscjss.in/team"
List your social medias handle,LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/dsc-jssaten X (Twitter): https://x.com/GDSCJSSATEN Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/gdgoncampus.jss Website: https://gdscjss.in/
Tell me about ML Study Jams event,"ML Study Jams is the event organised by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN which covers topics starting from fundamental python to ML models like regression, classification, etc. It helps students to gain overall knowledge about ML domain. The students who attend these events also receive certificates and swags from Google AI. The events usually happens around May or June but the exact schedule will vary."
Tell me about HackFest event,"HackFest is GDG OnCampus JSSATEN version of HacktoberFest. Hacktoberfest is an annual event held every October since 2013, aimed at promoting open source software development and encouraging contributions to various projects on platforms like GitHub. It is sponsored by DigitalOcean, GitHub, and other partners. GDG OnCampus JSSATEN also hosts repositories in Android, Web and Machine Learning domain. GDG OnCampus promotes student to contribute to these repositories so that they can get an idea about how open source works. The event covers full month of October. The students receives swags like cloud credits from DigitalOcean, digital badges and swags like tshirts for completing 4 pull requests."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Web Days event,"GDG OnCampus Web Days are specialized events organized by GDG OnCampus aimed at fostering learning and skill development in web development technologies among university students. These events provide a platform for students to explore various aspects of web development through workshop along with hands-on activities. The workshop covers HTML, CSS and JavaScript. After the workshop, the students are given sample web pages to create within a given deadline. The best web pages developer are given priority during recruitments.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Flutter Forward event,"Flutter Forward is an educational event tailored for students interested in advancing their skills in Flutter, Google's open-source UI toolkit for building natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop platforms. It is basically a hands-on workshop which is done parallely with a simple project."
Tell me about GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments,"GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments is an event organised by GDG OnCampus at JSS at our university to onboard new members for the upcoming academic year. It serves as a platform for students passionate about technology to join the club, contribute to its activities, and become part of the vibrant GDG OnCampus community.
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Elaboration:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       1. **Application Process:** During GDG OnCampus Annual Recruitments, interested students typically apply to join the club by submitting applications online or participating in selection rounds, which may include coding challenges, task challenges ,aptitude round and then Personal interview round.
                                                                                                                                                                                       2. **Selection Criteria:** Applicants are evaluated based on various criteria such as technical skills, enthusiasm for technology, performance in aptitude round and task challenges
                                                                                                                                                                                       3. **Interviews and Selection:** Shortlisted candidates may undergo interviews or selection rounds conducted by existing club members. These interviews assess candidates' technical abilities, communication skills, teamwork, and commitment to the club's goals.
                                                                                                                                                                                       4. **Training and Onboarding:** After the selection process, newly recruited members undergo onboarding sessions to familiarize them with GDG OnCampus's mission, objectives, and activities. They may also receive guidance on club operations, event planning, and community engagement strategies."
What are rounds/process of Recruitments? / How can I get into GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?/ How can I join GDSC JSSATEN?,"**Aptitude:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - The Aptitude round assesses candidates logical reasoning, and problem-solving skills. It may include a series of multiple-choice questions like logic reasoning and specified domain questions..
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Task Revelation:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - In the Task Revelation round, candidates are presented with a of tasks of specified domain clubs and designed to assess their technical skills, problem-solving abilities. These tasks may vary depending on the club's focus areas (, web development, app development, machine learning, design) and could include coding challenges, project assignments, or design tasks. For programming, we host a programming contest.
                                                                                                                                                                                       - Candidates are typically given a specific timeframe to complete the tasks and submit their solutions.
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       **Personal Interview:**
                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                       - During the interview, candidates may be asked about their background, academic achievements, technical expertise, project experiences, and interests related to the club's domain.
                                                                                                                                                                                       "
Tell me about Sorted event,"The Sorted Event, put together by GDG OnCampus, is a four-day online event aimed at introducing students to different parts of technology and how to develop things. Each day of the event focuses on a different domains, like design, web, programming, and machine learning (ML). The main goal of this event to give an overall exposure to a specific domain"
Tell me about LINEUP event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. It is a fun event, displayed on an android application. In this event, players will be divided into teams and they will be unaware of their teammates. Each player has to interact with all other participants to complete his team. The team with maximum or all the members will be the winner. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about CRACK THE SHELL event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, we provide a set of problems to candidates. For each problem, they have to code in the given language. They are required to learn the syntax of the language in which they have to code. The programming languages are the ones that are rarely used. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about DOODLE event,This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. Doogle is an event in which students have to draw Google creatively. A doodle is a drawing made while a person’s attention is otherwise occupied. The competition checks the creative skills of the student. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes.
Tell me about FRICTION event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participant will start completing on the given problem statements. A leaderboard will be maintained according to which, after every consecutive level, the count of participants will be halved. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Tell me about BLACK CODING event,"This is a zealicon event (college fest) by GDG OnCampus JSSATEN. In this event, the participants are shown glimpse of some extraordinary UI and they try building on some app or website. The winners are awarded with goodies and cash prizes."
Who is the present GDG OnCampus JSSATEN lead/ Who is President/Who is LEAD /GDG OnCamppus Organizer?,"Shagun Chahar"
Who is the present ML (Machine Learning) lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?,"Aayush Jain"
What is role of Google within GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Google supports Google Developer Groups OnCampus by collaborating with and helping its leads. GDG OnCampus Leads are undergraduate or graduate students who help their peers learn and connect.
Who is the present GDG OnCampus JSSATEN lead/ Who is President/Who is LEAD /GDG OnCamppus Organizer?,"Shagun Chahar"
Who is the present ML (Machine Learning) lead at GDG OnCampus JSSATEN?,"Aayush Jain"
What is role of Google within GDG OnCampus JSSATEN,Google supports Google Developer Groups OnCampus by collaborating with and helping its leads. GDG OnCampus Leads are undergraduate or graduate students who help their peers learn and connect.